Fetching Fox news articles...
Fetching NYT news articles...
Article 1:
Headline: Iran's tallest bridge collapses after reported US airstrikes; Iran threatens American allies in retaliation
Body: Footage captures the moment a key span gives way after a reported strike, as tensions in Iran continue to escalate. (@realDonaldTrump/Truth Social)

Iran’s biggest bridge near Tehran has crashed down in a stunning scene captured on camera following reports of U.S. airstrikes, President Donald Trump announced Thursday, as he pressed the regime to make a deal before tensions escalate further.

The B1 highway bridge, a key link between Iran’s capital and the western city of Karaj, is considered the tallest in the Middle East and was only inaugurated earlier this year.

Iranian state TV reportedly warned of potential retaliation, claiming the state's military has identified multiple bridges in American-allied Middle East nations as targets, according to Iran International.

Trump posted a video on social media capturing a massive plume of smoke and debris after the bridge’s apparent collapse.

KAROLINE LEAVITT FIRES BACK AT NBC NEWS REPORTER WHO ASKED IF TRUMP'S IRAN THREAT AMOUNTS TO A 'WAR CRIME'

The B1 bridge near Tehran collapsed after reported U.S. airstrikes. (@realDonaldTrump/Truth Social)

"The biggest bridge in Iran comes tumbling down, never to be used again — Much more to follow! IT IS TIME FOR IRAN TO MAKE A DEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE, AND THERE IS NOTHING LEFT OF WHAT STILL COULD BECOME A GREAT COUNTRY!" Trump said in a post on Truth Social.

The strike on the bridge was aimed at cutting drone and missile supply lines to Iranian firing units targeting U.S. and Israeli forces, Middle East outlet i24NEWS reported, citing sources.

Iranian state TV also said the bridge was hit twice, roughly an hour apart, resulting in civilian casualties, Fars News reported.

TRUMP TO ADDRESS NATION ABOUT IRAN AS HE SIGNALS WAR COULD END WITHIN WEEKS

President Donald Trump pauses as he finishes speaking about the Iran war Wednesday, April 1, 2026, in Washington. (Alex Brandon-Pool/Getty Images)

"A few minutes ago, the American-Zionist enemy once again targeted the B1 bridge in Karaj," the broadcast said, noting that the first strike killed two civilians.

Fars News also reported that other areas of Karaj were struck.

Iran's IRGC reportedly identified several bridges in American-allied nations as potential targets after the collapse of the B1 bridge. (Morteza Nikoubazl/Nur Photo)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The outlet reported that Iran is considering plans to rebuild the bridge with the help of its engineers and experts.

In retaliation, Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has reportedly identified several bridges in American-allied nations across the Middle East as potential targets, including infrastructure in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi and the Jordan-West Bank region.

Bonny Chu is a Digital Production Assistant at Fox News Digital.

Article 2:
Headline: Army chief of staff ordered to retire immediately as Hegseth continues Pentagon shakeup
Body: War Department personnel will now be allowed to carry personal weapons on military instillations. (Credit: @SecWar via X)

War Secretary Pete Hegseth asked Army Chief of Staff Gen. Randy George to step down and take immediate retirement Thursday in a sweeping leadership shakeup as the U.S. military remains engaged in combat with Iran.

A senior War Department official told Fox that Hegseth called George Thursday and asked for his immediate retirement, saying, "It was time for a leadership change in the Army."

Chief spokesperson Sean Parnell said in a statement on X, "General Randy A. George will be retiring from his position as the 41st Chief of Staff of the Army effective immediately. The Department of War is grateful for General George’s decades of service to our nation. We wish him well in his retirement."

PENTAGON CITES ‘MERITOCRACY’ AS REPORTED OFFICER PROMOTION REMOVALS DRAW DEMOCRATIC CRITICISM

An Army official told Fox News Hegseth did not give George any reason for asking him to step down.

George, the Army’s top uniformed officer and a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was nominated by President Joe Biden and confirmed by the Senate in 2023. He had been expected to serve a four-year term through roughly 2027.

War Secretary Pete Hegseth asked Army chief of staff Gen. Randy George, pictured, to retire immediately. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)

Prior to becoming Army chief, George, a career infantry officer with combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, served as senior military assistant to Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin from 2021 to 2022, according to his official biography.

Gen. Christopher LaNeve, the Army’s vice chief of staff, will serve as acting chief, according to a senior War Department official.

The move underscores growing tensions between Hegseth and Army Secretary Dan Driscoll.

Hegseth recently intervened to remove multiple Army officers from a promotion list after Driscoll refused to do so, an unusual step, a U.S. official told Fox News.

PETE HEGSETH SLASHES MILITARY 'FAITH CODES' FROM OVER 200 TO 31 IN PENTAGON CHAPLAIN CORPS OVERHAUL

The disagreement caught the attention of the White House, which reviews senior military promotion lists before they are sent to the Senate, the official said.

War Secretary Pete Hegseth is named in the lawsuit, along with other defendants. (Julia Demaree Nikhinson/AP)

The abrupt removal also marks the latest in a series of high-level military leadership changes under Hegseth, who has moved aggressively to reshape senior ranks.

The shakeups have included the removal or sidelining of several top uniformed leaders across the services, such as former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Charles Q. Brown Jr. and Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Lisa Franchetti, both of whom were pushed out earlier in the second Trump administration.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Other moves have reached deep into the military’s senior leadership pipeline. Hegseth replaced the Army’s vice chief of staff earlier in 2026 and removed Lt. Gen. Jennifer Short from her role as senior military assistant, installing close allies in key advisory positions.

Article 3:
Headline: Pam Bondi already fired as attorney general, Cabinet official teed up as replacement: sources
Body: EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin discusses how the Iran conflict is driving oil price volatility, U.S. efforts to stabilize energy costs and the Trump administration’s 'energy dominance' strategy on ‘Fox News Live.’

FIRST ON FOX — President Donald Trump fired Attorney General Pam Bondi Wednesday, according to two sources familiar with the matter who spoke with Fox News Digital.

Trump confirmed the ouster in a Truth Social post Thursday, underscoring that he views her as "a Great American Patriot and a loyal friend" as she moves into an undisclosed role in the private sector.

"Pam did a tremendous job overseeing a massive crackdown in Crime across our Country, with Murders plummeting to their lowest level since 1900," he continued. "We love Pam, and she will be transitioning to a much needed and important new job in the private sector, to be announced at a date in the near future."

Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche will serve as interim attorney general, Fox News reported Thursday.

HOUSE OVERSIGHT SUBPOENAS AG BONDI IN PROBE OF EPSTEIN CASE 'MISMANAGEMENT'

President Donald Trump reportedly has already fired Attorney General Pam Bondi, according to two sources familiar with the matter who spoke with Fox News Digital.  (Getty Images)

"Our Deputy Attorney General, and a very talented and respected Legal Mind, Todd Blanche, will step in to serve as Acting Attorney General," Trump added in his post. "Thank you for your attention to this matter!"

Bondi met with Trump in the Oval Office Wednesday night ahead of his speech to the nation on the war in Iran, according to two sources familiar with the meeting who spoke to Fox News Digital ahead of Trump's announcement.

Bondi departed for Florida Thursday morning, Fox News reported, where she is filming an NFL-affiliated child safety initiative.

The president is reportedly considering replacing Bondi with Environmental Protection Agency Director Lee Zeldin, according to the sources familiar with the matter. Trump held a meeting with Zeldin at the White House Tuesday to discuss wildfire and prevention, where talks of the transition also unfolded, according to an individual familiar with the meeting.

That source relayed to Fox News Digital that Zeldin would be a plausible replacement, adding that Trump could change his mind at any point.

President Donald Trump is reportedly considering replacing Pam Bondi with Environmental Protection Agency Director Lee Zeldin, pictured here, according to the sources familiar with the matter. (Andrew Harnik/Getty Images)

Bondi confirmed her upcoming exit from the Department of Justice on X Thursday, saying she remains "eternally grateful for the trust that President Trump placed in me to Make America Safe Again."

"Over the next month I will be working tirelessly to transition the office of Attorney General to the amazing Todd Blanche before moving to an important private sector role I am thrilled about, and where I will continue fighting for President Trump and this Administration," Bondi wrote on X Thursday.

"Leading President Trump’s historic and highly successful efforts to make America safer and more secure has been the honor of a lifetime, and easily the most consequential first year of the Department of Justice in American history," she added.

The ouster follows a recent New York Times report detailing that Trump was preparing to replace Bondi with Zeldin as the president had become increasingly dissatisfied with her performance in the role.

WHY KRISTI NOEM’S FIRING TOOK SO LONG AS SHE WRECKED DHS AND DAMAGED DONALD TRUMP

When initially asked about the meetings and Bondi's ouster Wednesday evening, the White House directed Fox News Digital to the same comment defending Bondi that the office provided to the Times.

"Attorney General Pam Bondi is a wonderful person and she is doing a good job," Trump's comment states.

Attorney General Pam Bondi met with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office Wednesday night ahead of his speech to the nation on the war in Iran, and she reportedly was informed of her ouster, according to two sources familiar with the meeting.  (Alex Wong/Getty Images)

The ouster came the same day Bondi accompanied Trump to the U.S. Supreme Court Wednesday morning for oral arguments on the high-stakes birthright citizenship case.

Sources confirming to multiple outlets Zeldin's potential ascension to her former role comes as he prepares for an event with Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Thursday afternoon to make an announcement on addressing rising instances of microplastics in drinking water.

Bondi's entire tenure at the DOJ has been riddled with public scrutiny, especially as it relates to her promise to release the entirety of the Jeffrey Epstein files.

She told Fox News at the onset of taking her role at the helm of the Justice Department in February that the files were "sitting on my desk right now to review."

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The trickle of information from her agency over the ensuing year and the lack of new information left Americans frustrated that she was reneging on the promise of releasing the the files.

Fox News' Aishah Hasnie and Peter Doocy contributed to this report. Editor's note: This article was updated to clarify that Bondi was out as AG before Trump’s address Wednesday night, and left Washington, D.C., the following morning.

Katelyn Caralle is an editor on the politics team.

Article 4:
Headline: GOP rails against 's--- sandwich' deal as all eyes turn to House to end DHS shutdown
Body: Senate Majority Leader John Thune accuses Democrats of playing politics with the DHS shutdown, explaining how the Senate passed a bill to fund most agencies. He also addresses President Donald Trump's remarks on rising gas prices.

The House is primed to end the record-breaking Homeland Security shutdown, but Republicans are still fuming over a "s--- sandwich" deal from the Senate.

The Senate again advanced its partial Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding bill on Thursday after being derailed by a House GOP rebellion. The frustration among House Republicans hasn’t gone anywhere, however, with lawmakers railing against House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., during a members-only call on Thursday afternoon.

The simmering anger comes after Johnson made a swift reversal, spurred by President Donald Trump, and backed Senate Majority Leader John Thune’s, R-S.D., on a two-track approach Wednesday that would pass the Senate’s partial DHS bill while funding Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Customs and Border Protection (CBP) in a forthcoming party-line reconciliation package.

A senior GOP aide told Fox News Digital that House Republicans wanted to see action from their Senate counterparts on reconciliation and were frustrated with how the upper chamber handled the DHS deal, which the source said amounted to a "s--- sandwich."

House Speaker Mike Johnson and Senate Majority Leader John Thune endorsed a two-track approach to end the shutdown on Wednesday, but Johnson is facing criticism from his conference over his previous rejection of the plan. (Getty Images)

BEHIND THE SCENES OF CONGRESS' ELEVENTH-HOUR RUSH TO FUND THE DHS

House Republicans are incensed at the Senate plan, which carves out funding for ICE and CBP. Still, the bill is expected to pass with bipartisan support.

"People are mad at Johnson," one source familiar with the call told Fox News.

But for now, House Republicans are in no hurry to return to Washington, D.C., to end the 48-day shutdown. The House is next scheduled to return on April 14. A source familiar with the call told Fox News Digital that leadership is not expected to ask members to return to Washington early to vote on the measure.

A source told Fox News that there was "a lot of frustration" with the situation.

"Does feel like whiplash," the source said.

"Not happy," another person familiar with the call said. "Not willing to vote for anything that defunds law enforcement absent tangible action from Senate. Thune should call Senate back today."

Some House Republicans argued the chamber must fund the president’s immigration and border security efforts through reconciliation before considering the Senate bill — despite the budget reconciliation process expected to take months.

This viewpoint was expressed by a broad group within the conference, not just the conservative flank, according to a source familiar with the call.

If Johnson proceeded first with the Senate bill, conservative opposition could determine how he brings the legislation to the floor. In the event he lacks conference-wide support for the upper chamber’s partial DHS bill, he could be forced to call up the Senate bill under suspension of House rules.

That strategy — requiring a two-thirds majority to pass — risks upsetting conservatives if the DHS bill relies on Democratic votes to clear the chamber.

Some House members voiced frustration with House Speaker Mike Johnson's DHS shutdown strategy during a private call Thursday, sources told Fox News Digital. (Getty Images)

HOUSE REPUBLICANS PASS RIVAL DHS PLAN, SETTING UP SENATE FIGHT AS SHUTDOWN SET TO BECOME LONGEST IN HISTORY

House lawmakers could have used the same fast-track process Thursday to pass the DHS bill that was done in the Senate, but opted not to.

Thune said Thursday that he didn’t know when the House would move on the bill, but noted that when they did, Republicans would begin a sprint to complete the budget reconciliation process.

"My assumption is, at some point, hopefully they'll move it," Thune said. "And you know, [with] the understanding that we're going to come behind it with the Recon bill. I mean, I think this whole — where we are is just a regrettable place."

Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's, D-N.Y., demanded that the House GOP immediately take up the bill and accused them of now owning "the longest government shutdown in history."

"The deep division and dysfunction among House Republicans is needlessly extending the DHS shutdown and hurting federal workers who are missing another paycheck," Schumer said. "The Senate did its work twice to fund key parts of DHS without funding the lawlessness of ICE and Border Patrol."

President Donald Trump moved to pay all DHS employees who were reporting to work without pay during the shutdown, despite Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer vowing that Republicans would get the blame for a prolonged funding lapse. (Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images; Elizabeth Frantz/Reuters)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

But Trump has already teed up a counter, and plans to pay DHS employees through an executive order.

"Because the Democrats are fully and 100% committed to the Radical Left Policy of Open Borders and Zero Immigration Enforcement (which will hopefully cost them dearly in the Midterms!), allowing Murderers and Criminals of all types into our Country, totally unchecked and unvetted, I will soon sign an order to pay ALL of the incredible employees at the Department of Homeland Security," Trump said on Truth Social.

Article 5:
Headline: Harris ripped over video previewing Trump speech she claims she wouldn't watch: 'Sit this one out'
Body: Stephen A. Smith said on the Sage Steele Show that he regrets voting for Kamala Harris, saying he believed she could work across the aisle before losing faith in Democrats after the 2024 election.

Former Vice President Kamala Harris drew a sharp rebuke from conservatives on social media Wednesday where she previewed President Donald Trump’s address to the nation on Iran.

"He brought America into a war that people don’t want, he has put American troops in harm’s way, costs are rising by the day, and meanwhile he has done nothing to address the needs of the people of America," Harris posted on X before Trump’s Wednesday night speech to the nation, a speech Harris says in the video she "won’t be able" to watch.

Harris predicted Trump would attempt to "claim victory" in Iran but the "reality is we’re watching what he does instead of listening to what he says."

The video, viewed almost 3 million times on X, was widely panned by conservatives who pointed to high prices during the Biden administration, other criticisms of the administration, and Harris’ political ambitions.

KAMALA HARRIS HARSHLY CRITIQUES PRESIDENT TRUMP'S SOTU SPEECH WHICH TRIGGERS RESPONSE FROM WHITE HOUSE

Former Vice President Kamala Harris in conversation with Rep. Lateefah Simon discussing her book, "107 Days" at the Henry J. Kaiser Center For The Performing Arts in Oakland, California. (Carlos Avila Gonzalez/San Francisco Chronicle via Getty Images)

"It’s pretty disgraceful for you to claim President Trump has done nothing to meet the needs of the American people," Republican Rep. Tom Emmer posted on X. "Here’s the truth: He’s cleaning up the chaos YOU caused here in the United States and across the globe, and is making America great again. On top of that, he has the guts to confront the Iranian regime, the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world!"

"The time off hasn’t made her any smarter," America First Legal senior adviser Ian Prior posted on X.

"She wants to run for President," former Trump White House chief of staff Mark Meadows posted on X.

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: 5 KEY TAKEAWAYS FROM TRUMP’S IRAN ADDRESS

President Donald Trump answers questions from reporters after signing an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House Tuesday, March 31, 2026, in Washington, D.C.  (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)

"Bullet dodged," conservative radio host Larry O’Connor posted on X.

"‘Don’t. Your plan to handle Iran was letting them spend Obama’s pallets of cash on missiles and nukes," Republican candidate for Oklahoma Lt. Gov. T.W. Shannon posted on X.

"You let in 15M illegal aliens into this country," Gokhshtein Media CEO David Gokhshtein posted on X. "Sit this one out."

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

In a statement to Fox News Digital, White House spokesperson Anna Kelly said, "Kamala Harris oversaw the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan and ushered in an invasion of migrant criminals into our homeland. She should listen to the overwhelming majority of Americans who want her to crawl under a coconut tree and go away."

Trump delivered his address to the nation later that night declaring Iran is "essentially really no longer a threat" after a 32-day U.S. military campaign, telling Americans that the country has been "eviscerated" following weeks of strikes.

Even so, Trump said the United States is preparing additional attacks in the coming weeks even as diplomatic discussions continue.

"I can say tonight that we are on track to complete all of America's military objectives shortly. Very shortly, we are going to hit them extremely hard over the next two to three weeks," Trump said. "We're going to bring them back to the Stone Ages where they belong. In the meantime, discussions are ongoing."

Fox News Digital's Morgan Phillips contributed to this report.

Andrew Mark Miller is a reporter at Fox News. Find him on Twitter @andymarkmiller and email tips to AndrewMark.Miller@Fox.com.

Article 6:
Headline: Melissa Gilbert calls husband Timothy Busfield's child sex abuse case 'hell' in emotional interview
Body: Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Melissa Gilbert did not mince words as she described the fallout from the child sexual abuse charges husband Timothy Busfield now faces.

Gilbert, 61, claimed this has been "the most traumatizing experience of our lives," and admitted the allegations have upended their future for good.

"What has this whole episode been like for you?" George Stephanopoulos asked Gilbert in a preview of a sit-down interview on "Good Morning America." "Hell," Gilbert responded.

"Our life as we knew it is done," she quickly explained. "We are grieving what we had – all of our plans, all of our dreams, all of our ideas, all of our projects. For Tim, it's done. He's canceled. Even if he's exonerated, he will always be that guy. [He’s] the last person in the world who would hurt a child. And believe me, if I thought for a second that Tim Busfield hurt a child, he'd have a lot more to worry about than prison."

TIMOTHY BUSFIELD’S LIE DETECTOR OFFER IS ‘PUBLIC RELATIONS STUNT’ AS HE FACES CHILD SEX ABUSE CHARGES: EXPERT

Melissa Gilbert broke her silence on husband Timothy Busfield's child sex abuse case. (Valery Hache/AFP via Getty Images)

Busfield's lawyer, Larry Stein, explained the reasoning behind the sit-down interview in a statement shared with Fox News Digital.

"We decided it was time to sit down to clarify the facts of the case, which seem to have become lost to distraction, selective information and clickbait," he said.

A grand jury indicted Busfield on four counts of criminal sexual contact of a child. He pleaded not guilty to all charges on Feb. 11.

"District Attorney Sam Bregman emphasized that protecting children remains a top priority for his office," read a statement released by the district attorney on social media following the indictment.

"The Bernalillo County District Attorney’s Office remains committed to doing everything possible to protect children and ensure justice for victims."

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

Busfield, 68, first surrendered to local authorities on child sex abuse charges on Jan. 13, days after an arrest warrant was issued for the "West Wing" actor.

Authorities had issued the arrest warrant for Busfield over allegations of misconduct from when he was working as a director on the set of the TV series "The Cleaning Lady."

According to the arrest warrant obtained by Fox News Digital, two 11-year-old twins alleged that the director had touched them inappropriately. The children also claimed Busfield had instructed them to call him Uncle Tim on the set of "The Cleaning Lady."

One twin claimed an incident had occurred while alone with Busfield in a bedroom on set, alleging he had been touched over his clothes on his genitals and bottom. The warrant further stated that hospital professionals later informed the parents that the children showed signs of being "groomed."

Melissa Gilbert thanks God after a judge orders her husband, Timothy Busfield, released from custody while awaiting trial on child sex abuse charges. (AJ Skuy for Fox News Digital)

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Timothy Busfield and Melissa Gilbert married in 2013. (Bruce Glikas/Bruce Glikas/FilmMagic/Getty Images)

A representative for Gilbert previously claimed the "When Calls the Heart" star would not be making any public statements as suggested by the couple's lawyer.

"Any purported 'statements' circulating online – including AI-generated deepfakes of her 'breaking her silence' – should not be treated as coming from her. She is honoring the request of Tim’s lawyers not to speak publicly while the legal process unfolds."

"During this period, her focus is on supporting and caring for their very large family, as they navigate this moment," the statement continued. "Melissa stands with and supports her husband and will address the public at an appropriate time. We ask that their privacy be respected."

Gilbert and Busfield were both previously married and blended their families in a wedding ceremony held in April 2013.

Gilbert is a mom to two adult sons, Dakota and Michael, while Busfield is a dad to three kids – Samuel, Daisy and Wilson. The couple celebrated their 12th anniversary this past April.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Article 7:
Headline: Elizabeth Hurley wows in red bikini bottoms and sweater as she credits one daily habit for ageless appearance
Body: Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Elizabeth Hurley is getting playful on social media.

The 60-year-old "Austin Powers" star proved age is just a number with a new set of photos posted on Instagram, featuring her lounging in bed in a pair of red bikini bottoms and a white sweater.

"I don’t personally guzzle weird green juices or take a load of supplements — but I’ve drunk two mugs of warm water first thing every morning for as long as I remember, and I swear by it ♥️ (and it’s free 😉) 💋💋💋," she captioned the post.

In one of the photos, the actress is lying on her side with one arm over her head as she flashes a smile toward the camera. She was lounging in bed with a full face of makeup, including glossy lips, pink eye shadow and bold lashes.

Hurley posed in bed wearing a red bikini bottoms and a white sweater. (Elizabeth Hurley Instagram)

CHRISTIE BRINKLEY, 71, SHOWS OFF BIKINI BODY IN BEACH PHOTOS WHILE TAPPING INTO HER CREATIVE SIDE

Another photo shows her standing in front of a wall with the same outfit on, smiling at the camera as she poses with one arm bent behind her head, lifting the sweater just a bit to show a glimpse of her stomach.

"Love this truthful advice from a natural woman of beauty ❤️," one fan said in the comment section, while another added, "Looking like that at your age- I’ll drink a gallon of warm water every morning!"

Hurley also posed in the outfit standing up. (Elizabeth Hurley Instagram)

"I've never heard of that beauty or health regimen but I WILL say that you are the proof that it must surely work. You look spectacular ❤️❤️❤️." a third commenter added.

Never one to shy away from posting a good bikini photo, the actress has shared many in the past. In July 2025, Hurley posed for a photo of her looking off into the distance while in a tan string bikini as the sun shined on her face.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

In her caption, Hurley shared the secrets she's learned to land the best bikini photo and what she's banned.

"BAN overhead sunlight," she wrote in the caption. "When shooting bikinis, sunrise or sunset are your best friends 😉 We shot this at 7am… By 8am, I was lounging around in one of my equally flattering @elizabethhurleybeach kaftans, feeling glamorous AND shielded from the lethal sun."

Hurley has always taken risks when it comes to fashion, including the safety pin dress she wore in 1994. (Dave Benett/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)

Hurley has always taken risks when it comes to fashion, making red carpet history in 1994 when she walked the carpet in a black Versace dress which was held together by safety pins.

Since Hurley wore the dress to the premiere of "Four Weddings and a Funeral," many stars have worn versions of the dress on various red carpets, including Anne Hathaway, who wore a white version of it at the Met Gala in 2023.

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

"It was just amazing to have something on that was so beautifully crafted," she told People in April 2024. "And it looked incredibly daring, but it was actually completely safe. Like, wearing the bathrobe, really."

While Hurley never wore the dress again, saying "it went straight back to Versace the next day," she wore a version of it in Harper's Bazaar in 2019.

Hathaway wore a version of the dress to the 2023 Met Gala. (Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Lori Bashian is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital.

Article 8:
Headline: Super Bowl champion Stephon Gilmore retiring from NFL at 35
Body: Fox News Flash top sports headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on FoxNews.com.

Super Bowl champion Stephon Gilmore announced on Thursday he was retiring from the NFL after 13 seasons in the league.

Gilmore, 35, made the announcement in a post on Instagram. He shared several highlights of his career from his days in college and through the NFL.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Minnesota Vikings cornerback Stephon Gilmore defends against the Los Angeles Rams during an NFC wild card game at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz., on Jan. 13, 2025. (Mark J. Rebilas/Imagn Images)

"As a young, scrappy kid from Rock Hill, South Carolina with humble beginnings, the eldest of 6 - you gave me focus, opportunity, strength, and friends to last a lifetime," he captioned the collage.

"From my first game with Finley Road Falcons to two Super Bowls, multiple Pro Bowls, and a Defensive Player of the Year Award, you taught me the invaluable lesson of working hard and believing in myself."

He thanked his family and coaches for their support throughout his career.

NFL QUARTERBACK CHRIS STREVELER RETIRES AT 31

New England Patriots defensive back Stephon Gilmore stands on the field before a game against the Washington Redskins at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass., on Aug. 9, 2018. (Bob DeChiara/USA TODAY Sports)

"And to the fans—thank you for your support. I have had an incredible 13 years in the League, and I cannot wait to see what this next chapter holds," he added.

The Buffalo Bills selected Gilmore with the No. 10 overall pick of the 2012 draft out of South Carolina. He played five seasons with the Bills and earned his first Pro Bow election in his final year there in 2016.

Gilmore emerged as a superstar defensive back with the New England Patriots. In 2018, he was in the secondary when the Patriots won the Super Bowl. He led the NFL with six interceptions in 2019 as he won the Defensive Player of the Year Award.

He then played for the Carolina Panthers, Indianapolis Colts, Dallas Cowboys and Minnesota Vikings in the final four years of his career. He didn’t play in 2025.

Buffalo Bills cornerback Stephon Gilmore defends against the New England Patriots at New Era Field in Orchard Park, N.Y., on Oct. 30, 2016. (Timothy T. Ludwig/USA TODAY Sports)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

He finishes his career with 617 tackles, 32 interceptions and two interceptions returned for a touchdown. He was a five-time Pro Bowler and two-time All-Pro selection.

Ryan Gaydos is a senior editor for Fox News Digital.

Article 9:
Headline: Florida man allegedly stuffed human remains in two suitcases found in remote ‘Compound’
Body: Lucas Jones, 19, is facing charges after human remains were discovered inside a suitcase abandoned in a remote area of Palm Bay, police said. (WOFL-TV)

A Florida man was arrested after human remains were discovered inside two suitcases in a remote area, authorities said.

According to Brevard County Sheriff’s Office booking records, Lucas Sander Jones, 19, of Indialantic, was initially arrested on charges including tampering with evidence, abuse of a dead human body and improper disposal of human remains. He was released after posting a $7,500 bond, records show.

Jail records indicate Jones was later re-arrested and is now being held without bond on a charge of second-degree murder.

Police said the investigation began on March 28, when officers responded to a call in Palm Bay to an area known locally as "The Compound," a largely undeveloped tract of land in Central Florida.

Lucas Jones was arrested Sunday and booked into the Brevard County Jail on charges including abuse of a dead human body, improper disposal of human remains, and tampering with evidence in a criminal proceeding. His charges were upgraded to pre-meditated murder. (WOFL-TV)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

According to a police affidavit obtained by FOX 35 Orlando, upon arrival, authorities observed vultures circling and discovered an abandoned black suitcase. Inside, they found human remains, investigators said.

A second suitcase containing additional remains was located nearby, according to police. Detectives later identified Jones as a person of interest after finding an Amazon package with his name and address in one of the abandoned suitcases.

GOT A TIP?

Police executed a search warrant at Jones’ home, where they made contact with Jones and his girlfriend. Authorities said that Jones had visible injuries, and he declined to speak with investigators.

FOLLOW US ON X

Authorities were notified about vultures surrounding an abandoned closed suitcase in the area of 1574 Bonbardier Boulevard on March 28, around 10:50 a.m. This is in an undeveloped 2,784-acre area in Palm Bay, known as "The Compound." (WOFL-TV)

During a search of the home, officers found blood stains and a knife like one recovered from a suitcase.

GET BREAKING NEWS BY EMAIL

Authorities have not yet publicly confirmed the identity of the victim. However, WFTV reported that police believe the remains that were found were associated with 28-year-old Colie Lee Daniel.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE US NEWS

Daniel was reported missing on March 22.

According to the affidavit, Jones' girlfriend told police she last saw Daniel on March 20 at Jones’ residence, appearing unconscious. She said Jones later told her Daniel had left the home.

The following day, she said Jones asked her to drive him to The Compound, where she saw him discard containers and other items.

Officers found one suitcase that was lying in tall grass and emitting an odor, Fox News affiliate WOFL-TV reported. (WOFL-TV)

The investigation remains active as officials work to confirm the identity of the victim.

Jones is scheduled to be arraigned on April 21.

Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a U.S. Writer at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to sarah.rumpf@fox.com and on X @s_rumpfwhitten

Article 10:
Headline: Artemis II launch steals the show at college softball game as players stare skyward in amazement
Body: Fox News Flash top sports headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on FoxNews.com.

NASA’s first lunar voyage in decades stole the spotlight at a Florida softball game Wednesday night, as players from both teams paused in astonishment while four astronauts embarked on a journey around the moon.

Florida Gators utility player Madison Walker pointed to the sky, and Stetson University freshman Gaby Bauer stood at home plate in awe as the Artemis II moon rocket lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center just before 7 p.m.

After the excitement settled, the No. 7 seed Florida went on to rout its in-state rival 8–2, marking the Gators’ 14th straight win over Stetson dating back to 2006. (IMAGN/ AP Newsroom)

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The game at Patricia Wilson Field in DeLand, Florida, was only an hour away from the launch site, but the rocket could still be seen making its way through the sky on a trip expected to last about 10 days.

After the excitement settled, the No. 7 seed Florida went on to rout its in-state rival 8–2, marking the Gators’ 14th straight win over Stetson dating back to 2006.

NASA's Artemis II moon rocket lifts off from Kennedy Space Center's Launch Pad 39-B in Cape Canaveral, Fla., on April 1, 2026. (Chris O'Meara/AP)

TALLEST COLLEGE BASKETBALL PLAYER EVER, STANDING AT 7-FOOT-9, ENTERING TRANSFER PORTAL

Meanwhile, the historic lunar trip captivated most of the country on Wednesday.

Three Americans and one Canadian took off from the Kennedy Space Center to the moon some 248,000 miles away. The crew will sail past the moon another 4,000 miles before making a U-turn and returning home.

Astronauts Jeremy Hansen, Christina Koch, Reid Wiseman, and Victor Glover attend a welcome ceremony at Kennedy Space Center in Florida on March 27, 2026, ahead of the Artemis II mission launch scheduled for April 1, 2026. (Miguel J. Rodriguez Carrillo/AFP)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Follow Fox News Digital’s sports coverage on X, and subscribe to the Fox News Sports Huddle newsletter.

Paulina Dedaj is a Sports Editor for Fox News Digital.

Article 11:
Headline: Meryl Streep claims SAVE America Act forces married women to 'prove who they are' to vote
Body: Meryl Streep spoke out against the SAVE America Act on Wednesday, saying married woman would need to prove who they are if the legislation passed.

Actress Meryl Streep spoke out against the Safeguarding American Voter Eligibility (SAVE) Act during an interview on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" Wednesday, claiming married women would need to "prove who they are."

Colbert asked the actress at the end of their interview if there was anything she wanted to talk about or bring up.

"I hope that the Save America Act, if that passes, all the married women that have changed their names are going to have to go to the registrar and prove that they are who they are. In other words, to your voting registrar," she said. "This is what I understand. Otherwise, when you get to the voting booth in November, you might be disqualified because your name doesn't, on your birth certificate, doesn't match your name on the voting rolls. So, everybody has to get – and this is such a pain in the neck because you have to go but do it because, otherwise you'll be turned away."

She continued, "And I think that women need to be heard, especially in this moment."

Meryl Streep appears on Stephen Colbert's show on April 1, 2026. (CBS/Colbert)

REPUBLICANS SHRED 'NONSENSE' DEM CLAIMS AGAINST TRUMP-BACKED VOTER ID BILL

The GOP-backed SAVE Act — which requires proof of citizenship to vote — has been met with strong opposition from Democrats.

Democrats argue the bill will lead to voter suppression and have compared it to "Jim Crow 2.0."

Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., has made the comparison multiple times.

"Each state can have its own voter ID laws, and some do and some don't. But, secondly, what they are proposing in this so-called SAVE Act is like Jim Crow 2.0. They make it so hard to get any kind of voter ID that more than 20 million legitimate people, mainly poorer people and people of color, will not be able to vote under this law. We will not let it pass in the Senate. We are fighting it tooth and nail," Schumer said during a CNN interview in February.

CHUCK SCHUMER UNDER FIRE AFTER BRAZENLY CALLING VOTER ID 'JIM CROW 2.0'

Sen. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., when confronted about the public support for voter ID during an interview in February, said the SAVE Act would still be something that disenfranchises voting.

An argument by Democrats is that the legislation would make it harder for American women to vote — specifically married women whose last names are now different from those on their birth certificates, which is what Streep brought up during the Colbert interview.

Republicans have countered the Democratic criticism.

"This is absolute nonsense, and we specifically allow for a provision to make sure that no one can possibly be left behind," Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, said, Fox News Digital previously reported.

Meryl Streep walked the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival 2024. (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)

CLICK HERE FOR MORE COVERAGE OF MEDIA AND CULTURE

"If a woman tried to register to vote with different names on her birth certificate and driver’s license," Roy said, "we literally put in the statute that all you have to do is sign an affidavit under penalty of perjury that, ‘I am that person. This is my birth certificate… and this is my driver's license that is reflecting my married name.’"

The law, in addition to providing proof of citizenship, would mandate states to actively verify and remove noncitizens from voter rolls, expand information sharing with federal agencies, including DHS, to verify citizenship, and create new criminal penalties for registering noncitizens to vote.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News' Alex Miller and Elizabeth Elkind contributed to this report.

Hanna Panreck is an associate editor at Fox News.

Article 12:
Headline: Migrant charged in Gilgo Beach throat slashing, fueling serial killer copycat fears
Body: Fox News national correspondent Bryan Llenas says prosecutors now believe Rex Heuermann was killing women much longer than previously thought on 'Fox News Live.'

New York prosecutors have charged an illegal immigrant from Venezuela with attempted murder in a throat-slashing attempt that experts warn could be a potential copycat attempt ahead of an expected guilty plea from the suspected Gilgo Beach serial killer.

"This defendant allegedly drove a man that he knew to a remote beach and attacked him from behind with a knife," Suffolk County District Attorney Ray Tierney said in a statement. "The evidence recovered from his vehicle raises serious questions about what he intended that night."

Ruben Guanipa Ramirez, 26, is accused of smothering an unidentified male victim's mouth with a rag before stabbing him from behind on the left side and attempting to slash his throat.

ACCUSED GILGO BEACH SERIAL KILLER REX HEUERMANN EXPECTED TO PELAD GUILTY IN MURDER CASE: REPORTS

A split image showing people walking on the south shore of Long Island at Gilgo Beach in Babylon, New York, July 18, 2023, and the mugshot of Venezuelan national Ruben Ramirez, who was accused of attempted murder at the beach, according to a newly unsealed indictment. (Reuters/Shannon Stapleton, Suffolk County Sheriff's Office)

Police later searched Ramirez's car, a 2024 Lexus NX250, and allegedly found multiple knives, rope, duct tape, blankets, plastic drop cloths, a "large-wheeled bag," gloves and a box cutter.

Ramirez entered the country in 2014 with a B2 tourist visa, non-immigrant visas granted for six months, and he never left. For several years, he benefited from temporary protected status for Venezuelans, but that expired, too, last year.

SIGN UP TO GET TRUE CRIME NEWSLETTER

A sign welcoming visitors to Gilgo Beach outside the tunnel that connects the parking lot to the beach underneath Ocean Parkway. (Michael Ruiz/Fox News)

He is being held at the Suffolk County Jail in Riverhead — the same facility housing Gilgo Beach suspect Rex Heuermann, 62.

While authorities have not publicly spoken of any connection between the crimes, observers like retired NYPD sergeant Joseph Giacalone, former head of the NYPD's Bronx Cold Case Unit, see alarming similarities.

"Was this a copycat crime... related to what is happening with Rex Heuermann in the news?" said Giacalone, who has been following the Gilgo case for years.

"They need to take a long hard look at this guy."

SEND US A TIP HERE

Alleged serial killer Rex A. Heuermann is escorted into Judge Tim Mazzei's courtroom at Suffolk County Court in Riverhead for a frye hearing on July 17, 2025, in Riverhead, New York. The hearing was to determine if critical DNA evidence will be allowed in the trial. The 61-year-old has pleaded not guilty to murder charges in the deaths of seven women between 1993 and 2011. (James Carbone-Pool/Getty Images)

He said the items recovered from Ramirez’s car were particularly concerning, noting Heuermann’s alleged victims were found bound with duct tape and wrapped in burlap or plastic.

Some were dismembered.

Prior to the attack in the Gilgo Beach parking lot, Ramirez allegedly drove the victim to a pool hall in Nassau County and then Jones Beach, another waterfront nearby — where Heuermann once worked on the summer beach patrol.

LISTEN TO THE NEW 'CRIME & JUSTICE WITH DONNA ROTUNNO' PODCAST

Suffolk County District Attorney Ray Tierney speaks to reporters during a news conference in Riverhead, N.Y., Thursday, June 6, 2024.  (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)

"During the altercation, the victim sustained defensive wounds to his hands but was able to wrestle the knife away from Ramirez," Tierney's office said in a statement.

The victim managed to seize control of Ramirez's car, call 911 and drive himself to a friend's apartment in Queens, where the NYPD met up with him and he received medical treatment.

LIKE WHAT YOU'RE READING? FIND MORE ON THE TRUE CRIME HUB

State police found Ramirez walking along the Long Island Expressway hours later.

FOLLOW THE FOX TRUE CRIME TEAM ON X

That's more than 20 miles from where prosecutors said the victim escaped from him on the side of Ocean Parkway — the remote waterfront highway made infamous after police found 11 bodies just east of Gilgo Beach in 2010 and 2011.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Ramirez is being held on $200,000 cash bail, $500,000 bond or $2 million partially secured bond.

He's due back in court on April 29 and faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted of the most serious charge of attempted murder.

Article 13:
Headline: Arizona girl last seen walking to stable before vanishing found alive decades later, authorities say
Body: Fox News' Claudia Cowan reports on the search for Nancy Guthrie in Tucson, Arizona. The Pima County Sheriff's Department warns against citizen search parties.

An Arizona girl who vanished at age 13 under what authorities once called "suspicious circumstances" has been found alive more than three decades later — closing a decades-old cold case while raising new questions about where she’s been and what really happened.

The Gila County Sheriff’s Office announced this week that Christina "Tina" Marie Plante, who disappeared from Star Valley, Arizona, in 1994, has been located and identified after 32 years. Authorities say she is alive and her case is now officially resolved.

But beyond that, investigators are saying very little.

According to the original missing person bulletin, Plante was last seen around 12:30 p.m. on May 15, 1994, leaving her home on Moonlight Drive in Star Valley on foot. She told others she was heading to a nearby stable where her horse was kept, but she never arrived.

FAMILY RAMPS UP SEARCH FOR MISSING COFFEE SHOP OWNER, MOTHER OF TWO, URGES PUBLIC TO CHECK CAMERAS

Gila County Sheriff’s Office missing person flyer for Christina "Tina" Plante, who disappeared in 1994. The case was resolved in 2026 when she was found alive, decades after being listed as missing and endangered. (Gila County Sheriff's Office)

At the time, authorities classified her case as "missing/endangered" under suspicious circumstances, signaling concern that she may have been in danger or the victim of foul play.

She was described as having blue eyes and dark blonde hair and was last seen wearing a white T-shirt, multicolored shorts and black tennis shoes.

JIMMY GRACEY'S CHAIN NECKLACE NEVER RECOVERED AFTER SPANISH POLICE RULE DEATH ACCIDENTAL

Authorities use a helicopter on April 22, 2024, in Star Valley, Arizona. (Mark Henle/The Republic/USA Today Network)

Despite extensive searches involving law enforcement, volunteers and regional resources, no viable leads emerged.

FOLLOW THE FOX TRUE CRIME TEAM ON X

For years, Plante’s case remained open, periodically reviewed by investigators and preserved in national missing persons databases.

SEND US A TIP HERE

The sheriff’s office credits the eventual breakthrough to the formation of a Cold Case Unit and advances in modern investigative techniques.

SIGN UP TO GET TRUE CRIME NEWSLETTER

A childhood photo of Christina Plante, who vanished at age 13 in Star Valley, Arizona. Authorities announced in 2026 that she had been found alive more than 30 years after her disappearance. (Gila County Sheriff's Office)

"Utilizing advances in technology, modern investigative techniques, and detailed case review, detectives developed new leads that ultimately led to a breakthrough," the agency said.

LISTEN TO THE NEW 'CRIME & JUSTICE WITH DONNA ROTUNNO' PODCAST

After more than three decades, authorities confirmed Plante’s identity and location. She is now approximately 44 years old.

LIKE WHAT YOU'RE READING? FIND MORE ON THE TRUE CRIME HUB

While the outcome is rare and remarkable, officials are withholding nearly all details about what happened during the decades she was missing. The sheriff’s office has not said where Plante has been since 1994, whether her disappearance involved a crime or how investigators ultimately located her.

"Out of respect for Christina’s privacy and well-being, additional details will not be released at this time," the agency said.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Authorities emphasized that the case’s resolution underscores the importance of cold case investigations and evolving technology in generating new leads, even decades later. Officials are encouraging anyone with information about other unresolved cases to come forward.

Stepheny Price covers crime, including missing persons, homicides and migrant crime. Send story tips to stepheny.price@fox.com.

Stepheny Price is a Writer at Fox News with a focus on West Coast and Midwest news, missing persons, national and international crime stories, homicide cases, and border security.

Article 14:
Headline: 'Boy Meets World’ star Danielle Fishel admits body-shaming nearly ended her on-camera career
Body: The "Boy Meets World" alum says partner Pasha Pashkov has helped her embrace confidence on and off the dance floor.

Danielle Fishel — who famously portrayed Topanga Lawrence in the beloved '90s series "Boy Meets World" — faced significant body image struggles during the height of the show's success.

In a new interview, Fishel opened up about navigating life as a child star and explained how her years of insecurities nearly ended her on-camera career.

"I was aware, even if nobody said it to me directly . . . that as far as the people in power were concerned, my body was a problem," Fishel, 44, said in an interview with Us Weekly. "I remember around the time of [1998’s] prom episode being aware that they didn’t want me wearing something sleeveless."

‘BOY MEETS WORLD’ STAR DANIELLE FISHEL SHARES THE FAMILY RULES THAT SAVED HER FROM DARK SIDE OF HOLLYWOOD

Danielle Fishel said that while filming "Boy Meets World," she knew that "the people in power" had an issue with her body. (Getty Images)

Toward the end of the series, Fishel felt she was "no longer attractive," because she had put on weight.

"I just so did not want to be there; I was uncomfortable on set every day," she said. "There was this feeling that I was no longer attractive, because I had gained weight. I just wanted to be anywhere other than on set. I was probably a curmudgeon."

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

Fishel, with co-star Ben Savage, said she no longer felt attractive toward the end of the series due to her weight gain.  (ABC Photo Archives/Disney General Entertainment Content via Getty Images)

During the show's last season, the executives addressed her weight gain in one episode titled, "She's Having My Baby Back Ribs." In the episode, Topanga pretends to be pregnant as she struggles with body insecurities.

Now, watching back, Fishel said those feelings of inadequacy almost ended her on-camera career moving forward.

ROSE MCGOWAN SAYS 'CHARMED' EXECS WOULD SCRUTINIZE HER WEIGHT BETWEEN SEASONS

"I feel some cognitive dissonance because I’m aware that what my eyes are seeing doesn’t match up with the way I feel watching," she admitted. "It just doesn’t feel good. The season 7 episodes are tainted with the feeling of incredible insecurity and fear of being on camera, which was hard for me to shake and probably why I didn’t really want to go forward with a career on camera."

"I wouldn’t say or do [anything] differently other than be more accepting and loving of myself," she added.

Fishel became a household name on the hit series "Boy Meets World," starring as Topanga Lawrence. She landed the role at age 12 and starred in the show for seven years.

Fishel said that she was aware some people behind the show "didn’t want me wearing something sleeveless" during the prom episode. (ABC Photo Archives/Disney General Entertainment Content via Getty Images)

The former child star, who recently competed on "Dancing with the Stars," previously spoke about how her loved ones kept her grounded in Hollywood, despite her childhood fame.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"My family is the thing that keeps me grounded," the "Boy Meets World" star told Fox News Digital, while standing next to her dance partner Pasha Pashkov.

"My family didn't need me to have a job, but they allowed me to have a job, because I wanted it. And because of that, they then made sure I still came home from work and picked up the dog poop in the backyard," the actress said.

"Every morning I still had to make my bed, and they never let me go to like, you know, teen nightclubs," Fishel explained.

The star said her mom told her, "'If you don't want to do this anymore, you just say the word, and I will whip this car around so fast your head will spin.'"

Fishel credited her family with keeping her grounded during a previous interview with Fox News Digital. (David Livingston/FilmMagic)

Fishel explained that her mom's advice would always come to mind when she started taking things for granted.

"My mom would remind me that this was, at one time, a dream for me. And if it no longer becomes a dream, then let it go. And then I would think to myself, 'Is this still a dream? No, it's still a dream.' And you just keep going," the actress said.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

During her time on "DWTS," Fishel said she was feeling "comfortable in my body, more like I kind of know what I'm doing, more familiar with just the space and what the days and nights are like."

"My confidence has definitely grown each week," despite how difficult the choreography can be.

Fox News Digital's Larry Fink and Sarah Sotoodeh contributed to this post.

Christina Dugan Ramirez is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital.

Article 15:
Headline: Conservative Portland State professor upset after faculty book club pick features broad criticism of Whites
Body: Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., is previewing a soon-to-be released book that she says will expose widespread corruption in higher education.

A professor at Portland State University is sounding the alarm over the book selection for the school’s faculty book club starting April 17.

"My institution, Portland State, is having faculty read a book in Spring quarter on the awful scourge of White people at the institution," Bruce Gilley, professor of political science at Portland State University, wrote in a March 26 post on X.

"Here are the references to Whites from the book," Gilley wrote, referencing the book to be discussed, "Culture Clash," by David Peterson del Mar, a former PSU professor, and Alejandra Vazquez, who says she was a co-author and research assistant from January 2023 to October 2025 at PSU on her LinkedIn page.

HARVARD STUDENT EXPOSES 'SYSTEMATIC' LIBERAL BIAS FORCING CONSERVATIVES TO AVOID CERTAIN CLASSES

A professor writes on a chalkboard.  (Getty Images )

The book, according to PSU’s event page for the faculty book club, features almost 100 interviews with students and "invites us to listen closely to how students describe their learning experiences at PSU — the strengths they bring, the challenges they navigate, and the kinds of teaching and support that helped them succeed.

"Together, we’ll reflect on what their stories can teach us and explore the recommendations students and faculty share for creating learning environments where more PSU students can thrive."

The first reference to "Whites" in the book that Gilley listed says, "Those with the most job security in this system tend to be White males from comfortable backgrounds who were raised in highly individualistic families and cultures."

ILLINOIS DISTRICT WHERE FACULTY CELEBRATED CHARLIE KIRK'S DEATH EXPOSED OVER RACIAL 'SEGREGATION' PLAN

Students walking on campus.  (iStock)

Another example listed by Gilley says, "‘I can’t share with these White professors,’ she explains, and often feels ‘like I’m a rubber duck in a pond of real [White] ducks.’"

An additional example was, "‘Some students,' mostly White, 'are stingy and don’t want others to get ahead of them.’"

The book also states, "Many of the students we interviewed have described how White professors and students seemed determined to use complicated language and terminology to demonstrate their superior intelligence, even – or particularly – when they were describing socially progressive points of view."

Another quote featured in the book from the sixth chapter "'Fighting Is All I Know': Alejandra's Story,'" states, "I had to coexist with racists, white supremacists, and dangerously ignorant people."

The final example in the book shared in part by Gilley on X states, "Academic culture is a sort of distillation or intensified version of White, upper-middle-class culture in that expressing progressive points of view on topics such as inequality and racism is often more common and valued than working closely with people who have been marginalized."

CRITICS SAY K-12 ETHNIC STUDIES PUSH TEACH STUDENTS ABOUT CISHETERONORMATIVITY, BLACK PANTHER PARTY

College students raise their hands to answer a question. (Getty Images )

In a statement to Fox News Digital, a spokesperson for PSU said, "The quarterly book club is an optional program for faculty and staff to connect. This term’s selection, ‘Culture Clash: New Majority Students at PSU,’ was authored by a retired professor and a PSU alum. It is based on nearly 100 interviews detailing the student experience — specifically the strengths they bring, the challenges they navigate and the support systems that help them succeed.

"The book offers an honest look at the emotional and practical realities of balancing academics with family, work and cultural expectations. Portland State University remains committed to academic freedom and providing a welcoming home for free speech and diverse perspectives."

Gilley told Fox News Digital in a statement, "There are many serious legal and ethical problems with even publishing such a book, much less using it for faculty training. Most obvious, it contains dozens of disparaging characterizations of White people that, if directed at any other racial or ethnic group, would be immediately recognized as unacceptable stereotyping and would likely violate both state and federal civil rights protections as well as university policies regarding hostile educational environments.

"The pervasive pattern of negative generalizations about white students, faculty, and ‘White culture’ raises serious questions about whether Portland State University is fulfilling its obligations under state law to provide an equitable, non-discriminatory educational environment for all Oregon students.

"The book presents White people — students, faculty and professionals — as a monolithic group characterized by arrogance, selfishness, insensitivity, lack of empathy, intellectual showboating, privilege-blindness and active or passive racism.

"If this book had characterized any other racial group — African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Native Americans — in similarly sweeping negative terms, would PSU have published it and encouraged faculty to incorporate it into their teaching? If not, what principle justifies different treatment based on the racial group being characterized?"

Fox News Digital attempted to reach Peterson del Mar and Vazquez for comment.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Rachel del Guidice is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to rachel.delguidice@fox.com.

Article 16:
Headline: Father of 'Texas Killing Fields' victim says he unknowingly met the suspect many times
Body: Tim Miller, found of Texas EquuSearch, won a wrongful death lawsuit against Clyde Hedrick, who was featured in Netflix's 'Killing Fields', over the 1984 cold case abduction and murder of his daughter.

The father of one victim of the "Texas Killing Fields" cold case says he unknowingly met the newly indicted suspect many times before his arrest.

James Dolphs Elmore Jr., 61, is charged with manslaughter and felony tampering with evidence in the death of Laura Miller, the Galveston County District Attorney announced on Tuesday, March 31. He is also charged with tampering with evidence in the murder of Audrey Cook.

Laura Miller's father, Texas Equusearch founder Tim Miller, said he had repeated encounters with Elmore over the last four years.

"I probably met him 20, 30 times," Miller told reporters, according to the Houston Chronicle.

'TEXAS KILLING FIELDS' COLD CASE EXPLODES AS SUSPECT INDICTED IN TWO SLAYINGS DECADES AFTER 30 BODIES FOUND

James Dolphs Elmore Jr., 61, is charged with manslaughter and felony tampering with evidence in the death of Laura Miller, along with an additional charge of tampering with evidence in the murder of Audrey Cook, according to the Galveston District Attorney’s Office. (FBI; Obtained by FOX 36)

Miller, whose 16-year-old daughter was among the victims found in the "Texas Killing Fields," said Elmore would approach him and talk about the case.

FOLLOW THE FOX TRUE CRIME TEAM ON X

"He reached out to me," Miller said. "For what reason, I don’t know."

Miller said that some of those conversations included details about the killings that were not widely known.

SIGN UP TO GET TRUE CRIME NEWSLETTER

"He knew things," Miller said, according to the Chronicle. "Some of it wasn’t public."

The remains of Laura Miller were found in an area along Calder Road, known as the "Texas Killing Fields," in February 1986. (FBI; Obtained by FOX 36)

At the time, Miller said he did not suspect Elmore.

SEND US A TIP HERE

"You don’t think this guy could be involved," he said. "You’re thinking, here’s somebody who wants to help."

Only after the recent indictment did the conversations take on new meaning.

LISTEN TO THE NEW 'CRIME & JUSTICE WITH DONNA ROTUNNO' PODCAST

"Now you look back, and it’s like, wow," Miller said. "Was he telling me what he did?"

"I trusted him," he said. "I really did."

LIKE WHAT YOU'RE READING? FIND MORE ON THE TRUE CRIME HUB

The body of Audrey Lee Cook was found in the "Texas Killing Fields" in 1986. (FBI; Obtained by FOX 36)

The charges stem from the infamous "Texas Killing Fields" murders, in which the bodies of about 30 women and girls, including Audrey Cook, Laura Miller, Donna Prudhomme and Heidi Fye-Villareal, were found near Calder Road in League City between the 1970s and 1990s.

For decades, authorities have worked to determine who was responsible. In 2024, the Galveston County District Attorney’s Office reopened the case.

William Reece pleaded guilty in 2022 to murder stemming from the deaths of Laura Smither, Kelli Cox and Jessica Cain, according to FOX 26.

Clyde Hedrick, who died last month, was also long suspected in the murders of numerous women in Calder Road Field, according to the outlet.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Elmore was taken into custody and denied bond Tuesday evening.

Fox News Digital's Julia Bonavita contributed to this report.

Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a U.S. Writer at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to sarah.rumpf@fox.com and on X @s_rumpfwhitten

