Headline: Howie Mandel calls out Kelly Ripa’s backhanded compliment in tense live TV moment
Body: ‘Americas Got Talent’ judge Howie Mandel shares a warning for rising stars about the biggest mistake they can make with their money.

Howie Mandel wasn’t amused by Kelly Ripa’s praise.

What started as a routine morning TV appearance took a sharp and awkward turn when Mandel pushed back on what he viewed as an age dig during "Live with Kelly and Mark" Monday.

"You just celebrated 70 years. You're 70 years old," Mark Consuelos said, setting the stage as Ripa added, "It doesn't make any sense."

Mandel immediately chimed in.

HOWIE MANDEL EXPOSES THE BIGGEST MISTAKE RISING STARS MAKE WITH THEIR MONEY

Howie Mandel turned 70 and sparked laughs on "Live with Kelly and Mark" by rejecting age-based praise and revealing his wild cable swimming workout. (Chris Haston/WBTV via Getty Images; Mike Coppola/Getty Images)

"What do you mean it doesn't make any sense?" he asked.

Consuelos tried to keep it complimentary, saying, "You look great!"

But Mandel didn’t appear happy with the response.

"I look great? That doesn't mean anything to me. No, no, no, no. I don't like that, because that's a caveat," he fired back, his tone shifting.

Ripa attempted damage control in her previous comments.

"We're not saying you look great for 70. You look great," she insisted.

Mandel doubled down.

Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos co-host "Live with Kelly and Mark." (Lorenzo Bevilaqua/Disney)

"Yes, you are, without saying ‘70,’" Mandel said.

Then Consuelos appeared to stand by the comments.

"I am saying that. I am saying that," he admitted.

HOWIE MANDEL WEIGHS IN ON MENTAL HEALTH: ‘STIGMA STILL LIVES STRONGLY TODAY’

Mandel then reframed the "compliment" as an insult.

"It's like saying you're smart for a stupid person," he said.

"Yeah," Consuelos shot back, leaning into the moment as the audience reacted with laughter.

After the brief flash of tension, Mandel thanked Consuelos for his compliment.

"I'll be serious for a minute. I'm gorgeous!" he quipped, drawing laughs and resetting the room.

Fox News Digital has reached out to Mandel, Ripa and Consuelos for comment.

Howie Mandel pushed back at Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos on "Live with Kelly and Mark," calling their age-based compliment a "caveat." (Greg Doherty/Getty Images for Allen Media Group/Byron Allen)

The "America’s Got Talent" judge then revealed the unconventional fitness routine he credits for his appearance.

"Your friend, Jerry O’Connell, has got me into the most ridiculous workout I’ve ever done in my life," Mandel explained.

"I swim but … he bought me these swimming cables … which I tie onto my ankles, and then I attach them to whatever is at the side of the pool."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Howie Mandel rejected a compliment from Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos at age 70, comparing it to being called "smart for a stupid person." (Getty Images)

He continued, describing his fitness routine in detail.

"Then he gave me these frying pan paddles, and I swim for an hour and go nowhere," Mandel said, adding he gets "so lost in it."

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

Earlier this year, the longtime Hollywood star weighed in on the biggest mistake entertainers can make after scoring their first real paychecks in an interview with Fox News Digital.

"Spending on anything," he said. "There's nothing to spend on."

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

"I love that book, ‘Rich Dad, Poor Dad,’" Mandel continued, referring to Robert T. Kiyosaki's 1997 personal finance bestseller. "I had this theory before I read the book, but anytime you get a dollar, then you've got an employee if you can make your dollar work for you.

"So, instead of spending it or buying something that could get you into debt or something that's going to diminish in value, if you can get something, like, if you're going to buy a house, then buy a duplex and rent out the other ones so the mortgage is free."

Stephanie Giang-Paunon is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to stephanie.giang@fox.com and on Twitter: @SGiangPaunon.

==========================


Headline: Teen mob storms gas station, lone clerk shelled with snacks in caught-on-cam chaos
Body: Surveillance video shows dozens of teens storming the gas station, throwing snacks and leaving behind widespread damage. Credit: KTXL

A swarm of teens turned a Sacramento gas station convenience store into a scene of chaos in a matter of moments, as surveillance video shows merchandise flying and a lone employee left to fend for himself.

The incident happened March 19 at a Chevron station along Folsom Boulevard, where a large group of juveniles flooded the store and began vandalizing the business, according to the Sacramento Police Department.

Police told Fox News Digital officers received a call that night about 25 to 30 juveniles involved in the disturbance at the location in the 8000 block of Folsom Boulevard. At the time, the caller indicated they did not expect to be contacted by officers.

Days later, on March 23, the business reported that items had been stolen during the incident. A patrol officer took a robbery report, and the case remains in the early stages of investigation, police said.

REPEAT OFFENDER NEARS 100TH ARREST AFTER THEFT SPREE, DRUGS AND WILD HIGH-SPEED CHASE: POLICE

Store manager Shailesh Chand points to surveillance footage and damage after a group of teens ransacked his Sacramento Chevron convenience store, according to FOX 40. (KTXL)

Surveillance video obtained by FOX 40 shows what began as a small group quickly escalating into dozens of teens rushing into the store, knocking items off shelves and throwing snacks and drinks across the aisles.

Store manager Shailesh Chand said the employee on duty was the only worker present and was left trying to manage the chaos alone.

"They feel that they can just walk in any store and pick up things and throw things and do whatever they can do and run away," Chand told FOX 40.

Chand said the employee on duty was the only staff member present and was left shaken as the situation spiraled.

Video shows chips, candy and beverages being hurled through the air as the group moved through the aisles, leaving behind extensive damage.

"The crowd was trying to throw candies at him," Chand said, describing the chaos.

JUDGE RIPS INTO TEEN’S ‘HIGH-RISK’ BEHAVIOR BEFORE DELIVERING DECADES-LONG SENTENCE IN VIOLENT ROBBERY

Chips, candy and drinks are seen scattered across the floor after teens trashed a Sacramento convenience store. (KTXL)

Chand told FOX 40 that incidents like this are becoming more frequent, adding that the behavior goes beyond typical shoplifting and has turned increasingly aggressive. He noted the store has had to repair or replace its front door multiple times in recent months due to similar disruptions.

GOT A TIP?

"People who do all these things, they tend to be hostile, also aggressive," he said.

FOLLOW US ON X

Chand said he hopes those involved will be identified and held accountable, urging anyone who recognizes the individuals in the video to come forward.

GET BREAKING NEWS BY EMAIL

"With the current fluctuations of gas price, it’s kind of hard to survive in this business," Chand told FOX 40. "We are suffering loss already."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE US NEWS

The Sacramento Police Department said the group involved may be connected to other disturbances reported that same night. Officers did not initially respond to the Chevron location because a formal report had not yet been filed.

Sacramento police said the group involved may be connected to other disturbances reported that same night. (iStock)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The investigation remains ongoing.

Stepheny Price covers crime, including missing persons, homicides and migrant crime. Send story tips to stepheny.price@fox.com.

Stepheny Price is a Writer at Fox News with a focus on West Coast and Midwest news, missing persons, national and international crime stories, homicide cases, and border security.

==========================


Headline: Fox News Poll: Voters oppose action in Iran but give US military positive marks
Body: Former National Security Advisor Robert O'Brien dismisses Iran's reported demands and criticizes former CIA Director John Brennan for siding with Iran over President Donald Trump.

Voters are split on what role the United States should play in the world, while attitudes on the military action in Iran reflect sharp partisanship, according to a new Fox News national survey.

Forty-two percent support the current U.S. military action against Iran, and 58% oppose it, including nearly 4 in 10 who are strongly opposed.

The partisan divide is stark: 77% of Republicans support the effort compared to 12% of Democrats and 28% of independents. Within the GOP, support ranges from 90% among MAGA supporters to 52% of non-MAGA Republicans.

FOX NEWS POLL: VOTERS EXPECT AI TO TRANSFORM OUR LIVES — BUT TODAY IS NOT THAT DAY

The gender divide is less pronounced, with support at 38% among women and 45% among men.

Support is tempered by doubts about the long-term outcome, as more voters believe it will make the United States less safe rather than safer (44% vs. 33%). Another quarter think it won’t make much difference.

On the broader question of what U.S. foreign policy should be, half (50%) say the U.S. should be more engaged and take the lead in world events, while 48% prefer a less engaged, more reactive approach. Republicans favor engagement (72%), while Democrats prefer a less-engaged posture (64%). MAGA supporters are the most pro-engagement (80%), followed by voters who have served in the U.S. military (70%).

FOX NEWS POLL: SOCIALISM GAINING GROUND AMONG VOTERS

Voters largely agree that the most important U.S. objectives in Iran should be reducing its ability to support terrorism in the region (70%), ending Iran’s nuclear weapons program (69%), and protecting the flow of oil from the region (66%). A slim majority says the same about bringing about regime change (53%).

Some 64% of voters disapprove of how President Trump is handling Iran, up from 57% disapproval in January. On foreign policy, 62% disapprove, up from 60% last month.

Trump’s overall job rating stands at 41% approve and 59% disapprove. For comparison, former President Barack Obama’s job rating at this same point in his second term was 40% approve vs. 53% disapprove (March 2014).

The president’s 59% disapproval rating is the highest for either term. Nearly half, 47%, strongly disapprove. Last month, his rating was 43% approve vs. 57% disapprove. A year ago, his marks were underwater by only 2 points: 49% vs. 51%.

Approval of Trump among Republicans has slipped to a second-term low of 84%, down from 92% last March. At the same time, an all-time high 16% of Republicans disapprove. This shift can be attributed, at least in part, to declining support among non-MAGA Republicans, as approval dropped 11 points in the last year among this group (70% in March 2025 to 59% today). Virtually all MAGA Republicans continue to approve of Trump, with 98% approving a year ago and 97% now.

Among Democrats, 95% disapprove -- marking the fourth time this term disapproval of Trump reached a record high. Among independents, 25% approve, 75% disapprove.

Evaluations of the U.S. military’s performance in the Iranian conflict are more positive than negative: 58% rate it as excellent or good, but a substantial 41% say only fair or poor.

When asked how things are going in Iran, 47% of voters say the effort is going well, while a larger 52% disagrees. Only one in five say things are going "very" well (19%).

Most Democrats say things are going badly in Iran (79%) and rate the military negatively (63% only fair or poor), while most Republicans say things are going well (81%) and rate U.S. forces positively (86% excellent or good).

"Historically, foreign policy attitudes have been notoriously context dependent," says Republican Daron Shaw, who conducts Fox News polls with Democrat Chris Anderson. "Today, it seems many partisans rate the Iranian conflict based on their broader perceptions of Trump. Facts on the ground are interpreted to conform to partisan predispositions."

As the conflict enters its fourth week, few expect the swift conclusion Trump predicted. Only 13% believe it will be over in a matter of weeks, while 37% expect it to last months, and 15% anticipate a full year. Some 35% think the end is more than a year away.

Republicans are more likely to expect a quick resolution, while Democrats think it will be a long haul.

On specific goals of the operation, half or more voters gave the U.S. positive marks for disrupting Iran’s leadership structure (55% excellent/good), reducing its ability to develop nuclear weapons (53%), and limiting U.S. troop casualties (50%). At the same time, majorities are more negative on setting clear goals for the operation (54% only fair/poor), limiting civilian casualties (55%), and gaining support from key countries (61%).

Veterans are more supportive than voters overall. They back the current action in Iran (61%), say it is going well (67%), and more of them think it will make the country safer (45%) than less safe (31%). Veterans are also more likely to approve of the president’s job performance overall (55%) and on Iran (53%).

Poll-pourri

How do voters view the White House’s current approach to world affairs? By a 20-point margin, more say it is focused on issues outside of U.S. security than on U.S. national security.

Concern about Iran obtaining nuclear weapons stands at 66%, back to where it was in April 2025, after rising to 78% following the U.S. strikes on Iran in June 2025.

For comparison, more voters are worried about attacks in the U.S. by non-Islamic (70%) and Islamic terrorists (73%). Even larger numbers are concerned about political divisions within the country (80%), gas prices (80%), and healthcare (81%). And of course, inflation remains the biggest worry, with 86% expressing concern about high prices.

CLICK HERE FOR CROSSTABS AND TOPLINE

Conducted March 20-23, 2026, under the direction of Beacon Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R), this Fox News survey includes interviews with a sample of 1,001 registered voters randomly selected from a national voter file. Respondents spoke with live interviewers on landlines (104) and cellphones (641) or completed the survey online after receiving a text (256). Results based on the full sample have a margin of sampling error of ±3 percentage points. Sampling error for results among subgroups is higher. In addition to sampling error, question wording and order can influence results. Weights are generally applied to age, race, education, and area variables to ensure the demographics are representative of the registered voter population. Sources for developing weight targets include the most recent American Community Survey, Fox News Voter Analysis, and voter file data.

Fox News’ Victoria Balara contributed to this report.

As head of the polling unit, Dana Blanton runs the Fox News Poll and oversees the Fox News Voter Analysis election survey.

==========================


Headline: New COVID variant spreads across US as CDC raises concerns: 'Viral evolution'
Body: Dr. Mahsa Tehrani unpacks the risk of COVID-19 in children and pregnant women on 'America Reports.'

A new variant of COVID-19 is spreading across the U.S., health officials say.

At least 23 countries have reported the SARS-CoV-2 BA.3.2 variant as of Feb. 11, according to a study published last week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

The BA.3.2 variant, which the CDC has been tracking through its Traveler-Based Genomic Surveillance program, has about 70 to 75 changes in the gene sequence of its spike protein, which is a structure on the surface of the COVID-19 virus that helps it enter human cells.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE HEALTH STORIES

This strain has now been detected in nasal swabs from four U.S. travelers, clinical samples from five patients, three airplane wastewater samples, and 132 wastewater surveillance samples from 25 states, according to the CDC’s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.

At least 23 countries have reported the SARS-CoV-2 BA.3.2 variant as of Feb. 11, according to a study published last week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.  (iStock)

BA.3.2, which started rising in September 2025, was first confirmed in the U.S. in June 2025 in a person traveling to the U.S. from the Netherlands.

Weekly detections of the variant rose to about 30% of cases identified in Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands from November 2025 to January 2026.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

The variant has shown "immune escape characteristics," the CDC stated, which means it has mutations that may help it partially evade existing immunity from vaccines or prior infection.

This could make infections more likely, but not necessarily more severe, according to experts.

The variant has shown "immune escape characteristics," the CDC stated, which means it has mutations that may help it partially evade existing immunity from vaccines or prior infection. (iStock)

"BA.3.2 represents a new lineage of SARS-CoV-2, genetically distinct from the JN.1 lineages (including LP.8.1 and XFG) that have circulated in the United States since January 2024," wrote the study authors.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The prevalence of the new variant may be even larger than the data suggests, as many countries have limited genomic detection and surveillance capacities, the researchers noted.

"Phylogenetic analyses have identified the emergence of two BA.3.2 sublineages (BA.3.2.1 and BA.3.2.2), indicating ongoing viral evolution," they wrote.

The CDC researchers noted that ongoing genomic surveillance is needed to monitor the virus’ evolution and assess its potential impact on public health. (iStock)

Because BA.3.2 mutations in the spike protein may weaken protection from vaccination or prior infection, the CDC researchers noted that ongoing genomic surveillance is needed to monitor the virus’ evolution and assess its potential impact on public health.

Melissa Rudy is senior health editor and a member of the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to melissa.rudy@fox.com.

==========================


Headline: DAVID MARCUS: Why are we letting foreign foes use X payouts to wage war against us?
Body: The Paris prosecutor's office reportedly said the raid was related to an investigation into content recommended by X's algorithm and the built-in AI chatbot Grok.

Imagine if, during World War II, the Germans had been able to pay millions of dollars to minor American celebrities to run pro-Nazi short films in U.S. movie theaters. It sounds absurd, but it is actually miniscule compared to what our enemies can achieve today through social media.

On Tuesday night, Alexis Wilkins, the girlfriend of FBI Director Kash Patel, dropped a stunning thread on X alleging that several high-ranking figures in the conservative politics orbit were engaged in a 22-month "foreign-linked influence network" attacking her and the Trump administration.

Wilkins convincingly purports to show that online campaigns in 2024 painting her as an Israeli spy were coordinated through foreign online accounts such as Russia Today. The detailed evidence she provides is confusing to laymen, but what it clearly shows is inorganic growth for the conspiracy.

X app on an iPhone (Kurt "CyberGuy" Knutsson)

This same network, she alleges, is operating to undermine the Trump administration’s military efforts in Iran by applying this inorganic pressure to American social media.

CHINA RACES AHEAD ON AI —TRUMP WARNS AMERICA CAN'T REGULATE ITSELF INTO DEFEAT

The FBI declined to comment on Wilkins' post. But just two hours after it went up, X Head of Product Nikita Bier took to the platform to announce that, starting Thursday, the company would update monetization, the payments users receive, to give more weight to "impressions from your home region."

In this key section of the statement, Bier admitted the reason for this change is to thwart foreign interference in our elections, writing, "While we appreciate everyone's opinion on American politics, we hope this will disincentivize gaming the attention of U.S. … accounts."

And, boy, has there been a lot of foreign gaming of late, which no doubt helped to spur the announcement.

IRAN NETWORKS SUFFER LOSSES AMID AIRSTRIKES, SHOWING DIGITAL EVOLUTION OF CONFLICTS

But at 2:30 a.m. Wednesday, X owner Elon Musk posted a message saying, basically, not so fast,. His message was in response to an account claiming to be an American living in France who could see their income stream decline by the move. Musk said the change would be delayed and reviewed.

This malware attack pretends to be a CAPTCHA intended to separate humans from bots. (KrebsOnSecurity)

Wherever the policy finally lands, it is very welcome news indeed that the platform is taking the threat of foreign information operations on American social media seriously.

Thus far, however, the focus of the reaction to this proposed change by X has gotten the priority exactly backwards, celebrating that foreign accounts would be barred from making money by obsessing on U.S. politics.

MIKE DAVIS: THE RULES GOVERNING LOCAL TV ARE OLDER THAN THE INTERNET. THAT'S INSANE

That is a benefit, but it pales in comparison to the other consequence of the proposal, which is that foreign foes will no longer be able to use bot farms to funnel millions of dollars to divisive American content creators.

When a Russian bot farm floods an anti-American post with 20,000 impressions and shares, it boosts the income of the account it is juicing, even if the creators themselves have no idea and think the growth is totally organic.

To return to our analogy, imagine if, in 1943, your radio was giving you a steady stream of Nazi-purchased German propaganda every night. The government would have shut it down, of course. But, online, that option doesn’t really exist.

Elon Musk speaks at the Viva Technology conference focused on innovation and startups at the Porte de Versailles exhibition center in Paris June 16, 2023. (Chesnot/Getty Images)

BRETT VELICOVICH: IRAN BUILT A DRONE TERROR MACHINE — AMERICA JUST HACKED IT

At least not yet.

At that time, there were barriers and gatekeepers to protect Americans from foreign information operations. Today, there are virtually none, and it is an asymmetric information war.

Hopefully, Musk can find a way to implement this localization of monetization to crack down on enemy propaganda, but if he and the industry can’t close this open informational wound, then the government might have to.

AMERICA MUST POWER AI WITH SPEED AND DISCIPLINE — OR CHINA WILL DOMINATE

Recently, for example, X changed its platform to show the country of origin of its accounts, but this is easily overcome by foreign bots with VPNs. Again, a good instinct, but no ability to truly police the platform.

Musk is in a tough spot here. He doesn’t want to censor anyone, but he also doesn’t want X to be a bustling marketplace of foreign-funded anti-U.S. propaganda, and these proposed changes to localize the profits seem like a very good compromise.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE FOX NEWS OPINION

Meanwhile, whether the industry can fix this problem itself or if more state regulation is needed, the government must investigate just what percentage of our political social media is pushed by foreign bots.

This must be done not to punish the social media companies, but to punish the foreign foes who are engaging quite literally in a form of cyberwarfare against our nation.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

President Donald Trump ran on strong borders to keep out migrants, tariffs to keep out products that make us less competitive and voter ID to protect elections. Now, he must focus on a strong wall to protect American social media from our adversaries.

Put simply, if we cannot protect our information ecosystem, then we can’t protect anything.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM DAVID MARCUS

David Marcus is a columnist living in West Virginia and the author of "Charade: The COVID Lies That Crushed A Nation."

==========================


Headline: Mom of ex-Yale swimmers alleges athletic department 'terrorized' women, 'emasculated' men: 'Like North Korea'
Body: Kim Jones, the mother of three former swimmers at Yale, spoke out against the school's handling of trans athletes on both the men's and women's team in an interview with Fox News Digital.

EXCLUSIVE: The mother of three former Yale swimmers has come forward with alleged details of her children's experience at the school to Fox News Digital, after the Ivy League giant's athletic department saw a pair of unflattering document leaks in recent days.

Kim Jones, the mother of two former Yale women's swimmers and one former men's swimmer, said she had to witness her daughter and her son be forced to compete with transgender athletes of the opposite birth sex while at Yale.

Fox News Digital is not naming her children at her request, but has verified they competed at Yale during her provided timeframes.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Her older daughter, who went to Yale from 2018-23, competed against infamous UPenn trans swimmer Lia Thomas during Thomas' reign in 2021-22, both in the regular season and in the Ivy League championship. Then she had to watch her son, who went to Yale from 2020-25, share a team and locker room with a biological female trans swimmer, Iszac Henig, who transitioned from the university's women's team to the men's in the 2022-23 season.

"I would say it felt like North Korea," Jones said of her children's experience at the time.

"I would say that the athletic department as a whole was a terrible place to be."

The experience of watching her older daughter face Thomas, and Yale's handling of those competitions against Thomas, caused internal strife and trauma for her family.

"They terrorized the girls … they pulled them into mandatory meetings. They intimidated, coerced, threatened, and emotionally blackmailed them," Jones alleged.

"They were told that they were going to be, that they were to be held accountable for any harm that came to folks in their communities that identified as transgender."

Jones said she doesn't believe the women impacted have even "realized" what they went through.

FORMER UTAH STATE VOLLEYBALL STAR SAYS SJSU TRANS SCANDAL CAUSED INJURED FINGERS, SHATTERED DREAMS

"I think it's going to take even more time than what has passed for many of those young women to look back on this and realize just how coerced and abused they were during this," she said.

Jones said her daughter never had to share a locker room with Thomas. But her son did have to share one with Henig.

"It ruins the camaraderie. Of course, you’re going to change the way you speak, you’re going to change the way you act when you’re in a different environment with people of the opposite sex. The boys didn’t feel like they could go to the athletic department and say ’this is uncomfortable, we don’t want a woman in our locker rooms,'" Jones said.

Still, Jones said her son maintained all the same friendships with the other men on his team.

But the mother said the worst part of her son's alleged treatment from Yale was that it allegedly prevented him from standing up for the women who had to compete against Thomas.

"It is emasculating, it takes away their convictions to stand up for what’s right in front of their eyes, to speak up when they’re uncomfortable,"

"You can't stand up for women. You can't stand up for what's right, right in front of your eyes. And then an athletic director is coming down and squashing all, any and all dissension wanting to put anything under the rug."

University of Pennsylvania swimmer Lia Thomas (C) smiles with Yale University swimmer Iszac Henig (right) after winning the 100 yard freestyle during the 2022 Ivy League Womens Swimming and Diving Championships at Blodgett Pool on Feb. 19, 2022 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. (Kathryn Riley/Getty Images)

The Jones family still sent its younger daughter to begin college at Yale in 2024, but she transferred just one year later in 2025.

Jones is currently the co-founder of the women's rights organization the Independent Council on Women's Sports (ICONS), known for financing Riley Gaines' lawsuit against the NCAA over the inclusion of Thomas and other trans athletes in women's sports.

Jones' son began his college career during the school's quarantine period amid the COVID-19 pandemic.

And as a mother, Jones still has the image in her head when he came home after his first semester.

"He looked like a skeleton, he had lost so much weight," Jones said.

She called the university's alleged handing of COVID "disastrous."

"He was a freshman and at the campus, he was confined to his dorm," Jones said. "They were delivering their food to them. There was no, the athletic department was not looking at their student athletes and saying ‘oh my gosh, you’re a bigger person, you need food.' Like, my son is 6'4."

Jones also lamented the university's vaccine requirements and alleged requirement for constant [nasal] swab COVID tests.

"It was incredibly oppressive," she said. "The oversight on mask-wearing and mandatory vaccines and constant getting tested, it was way worse than anything that was going on in the outside word."

FORMER SJSU VOLLEYBALL STAR REVEALS 'SEVERE' HEALTH ISSUE THAT STEMMED FROM TITLE IX CONFLICT WITH SCHOOL

During the fall 2020 semester, Yale University implemented stringent COVID-19 protocols to allow for a partial campus return, which included a phased, three-step, month-long quarantine process for students upon arrival, per The Yale Daily News.

Undergraduate students in residence and graduate/professional students in high-density housing were required to undergo twice-weekly asymptomatic testing. Strict social distancing measures were enforced, including limiting gatherings to 10 people and mandating face coverings.

Jones alleged that one day during Thomas' reign at UPenn, her older daughter came to her to warn her against a social media comment.

"I had written, ‘women deserve to be able to celebrate their incomparable physical limits’ or something like that," Jones said.

"My daughter said, ‘take that down. People are noticing, we are not supposed to say anything.’ And I said ‘I thought that was a pretty benign comment,’ you know? And she said to me like, ‘We were told our first priority above ourselves, above anything else, needs to be, to basically uphold… the position that the school and the league are taking.’"

Jones is not the first person previously connected to Yale to have spoken out about the athletic department's alleged intent to "silence dissent."

A letter signed by former Yale hockey coach Keith Allain addressed to Yale President Maurine McInnis, alleged that current Yale Athletic Director Victoria Chun has created a "toxic environment" for the university's sports teams. Fox News Digital published the letter on Monday after confirming with Allain that he sent the letter to McInnis via email in October, shortly after his retirement.

"My name is Keith Allain, I have just retired after 19 years as Mens Hockey Coach and I am writing to you at the urging of several head coaches in our Athletic Department. They told me that you were soliciting feedback from a few coaches regarding extending the contract of our athletic director, and are concerned, that with the culture of fear that permeates the athletic department, you will not receive candid feedback," the letter began.

The letter later wrote, "Vicky’s singular talent is self promotion and has created a toxic environment within the department where she is insulated by a cadre of administrators whose main task seems to be silencing any dissent," the letter continued."

On Tuesday, Fox News Digital reported on emails that show a former Yale University administrator telling a lawyer of former Yale strength and conditioning coach Thomas Newman that he was recorded during a meeting.

"A former employee recorded a portion of a meeting with your client, without the university's knowledge," reads part of an email sent to Newman's attorney, Alan Granovsky, from a Yale deputy general counsel, who now no longer works at the university.

The counsel's email was sent in response to an Aug. 13, 2025, letter with the subject line "Ongoing Reputational Harm and Misstatements Regarding Thomas Newman."

The counsel's email also included the lines, "The university has not made any defamatory statements to anyone regarding your client," and "The university did not disclose any medical information inappropriately, the university has not said that your client left the university involuntarily or is subject to an investigation."

Newman's attorneys at Granovsky & Sundaresh Employment law sent multiple emails to Yale regarding the issue and Newman's ultimate departure from the university in 2021, which were provided by a source to Fox News Digital.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Newman confirmed to Fox News Digital that the emails were exchanged by the university and his attorneys, but declined further comment.

An Oct. 10 email from Granovsky to the counsel includes the following allegations:

"You now concede that a former employee recorded a portion of a meeting with Mr. Newman," part of the email wrote, later stating, "Despite knowing the recording was unauthorized, the parties involved— specifically [Executive Deputy Director/Chief Operating Officer of Athletics] Ann-Marie Guglieri and [Athletic Director] Vicky Chun—attempted to use the recording for disciplinary purposes.

Under Connecticut General Statutes § 52-570d, it is unlawful for any individual to record a private conversation without informing and obtaining the consent of all parties involved.

No current or former Yale employee has been incriminated in any illegal activity.

Fox News Digital has reached out to Yale's president's office and athletic department for comment, but has not received a response.

Follow Fox News Digital’s sports coverage on X, and subscribe to the Fox News Sports Huddle newsletter.

Jackson Thompson is a sports reporter for Fox News Digital covering critical political and cultural issues in sports, with an investigative lens. Jackson's reporting has been cited in federal government actions related to the enforcement of Title IX, and in legacy media outlets including The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times, The Philadelphia Inquirer, The Associated Press and ESPN.com.

==========================


Headline: Baggage handler slammed after viral video shows guitars violently tossed on tarmac
Body: A college student, Nick Ruiz, shared this video of airport personnel handling instrument cases rather roughly at Los Angeles International Airport.

A viral video showing an airport baggage handler tossing guitar cases roughly onto the tarmac at Los Angeles International Airport is sparking outrage online and larger concerns about how airlines may be handling passengers' belongings.

The clip, reportedly filmed at Los Angeles International Airport, appears to show an airport worker roughly throwing multiple guitar cases from a luggage cart onto the ground.

College student Nick Ruiz, 21, who filmed the incident, said he spotted the scene while walking through Terminal 4 after arriving from Los Angeles, news agency Jam Press reported.

'WORST PLANE RIDE': AIRLINE PASSENGER CLAIMS SHE WAS REPEATEDLY SHOVED FOR RECLINING HER SEAT

"The whole situation felt wrong," Ruiz told the agency.

He said he began recording his video out of concern for the instruments.

A viral video of a baggage handler tossing guitar cases at LAX has sparked outrage and concern over luggage handling. (Jam Press/@goyamariacookie)

Gary Leff, a Texas-based travel expert and author of the blog "View From the Wing," did not personally observe the incident but watched the video. He told Fox News Digital that while the video may appear shocking, this type of handling is not uncommon, in his experience.

"Airlines usually say behavior like this is unacceptable when a video comes out, but it’s actually fairly standard," Leff said, expressing his point of view.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

He noted that checked baggage, even when labeled "fragile," is not always treated with the extra care some might expect.

"Bags are designed to protect their contents," he said, adding that flight passengers should avoid checking high-value or delicate items whenever possible.

Airlines often condemn the type of incident captured in the viral video, but one travel expert said he believes it's fairly common.  (AP)

"Probably the number-one photo I see most often [on] social media about airlines is damaged bags," he said.

The video quickly gained traction on social media, with many viewers criticizing what they described as careless handling of expensive equipment.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE LIFESTYLE STORIES

"Absolutely disgraceful," one user wrote on TikTok.

"It’s the fact that it takes the same amount of effort or less to place them down calmly," another user wrote.

"As a musician, this breaks my heart."

Many commenters shared similar frustrations, highlighting both the financial loss and emotional impact.

"That’s easily $3,000 of equipment, by the way," a commenter wrote.

TEST YOURSELF WITH OUR LATEST LIFESTYLE QUIZ

"As a musician, this breaks my heart," another user noted.

Others said the clip helps explain why luggage and fragile items often arrive damaged after flights.

The clip spread rapidly online, drawing criticism from viewers who said the costly gear was handled carelessly. (Jam Press/@goyamariacookie)

Airlines are required to accommodate musical instruments either as checked baggage or carry-on items, depending on size and space availability, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation.

For larger instruments that cannot fit in overhead bins, some airlines allow passengers to purchase an additional seat to keep the item with them in the cabin.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

The department recommends that travelers who check their instrument mark the case as "fragile" even if in an instrument-shaped case.

Fox News Digital reached out to Los Angeles International Airport for comment.

Kelly McGreal is a production assistant with the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital.

==========================


Headline: ‘Reacher’ star Alan Ritchson cleared after chaotic front yard brawl caught on video
Body: Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Authorities cleared "Reacher" star Alan Ritchson after a chaotic front yard brawl in Tennessee drew police scrutiny and went viral online.

Ritchson threw punches at his Tennessee neighbor as his kids watched from the street in video obtained by TMZ.

However, the Brentwood Police Department concluded the 43-year-old actor was acting in self-defense and almost slapped his neighbor with a reckless endangerment charge.

"The Brentwood Police Department, in coordination with the Williamson County District Attorney’s Office, has concluded its investigation into the incident involving Alan Ritchson and Ronnie Taylor on March 22, in Brentwood TN," Police Captain Steven Pepin told Fox News Digital.

‘REACHER’ STAR ALAN RITCHSON DROPS CRYPTIC ‘ENEMY’ QUOTE AFTER ALLEGED FRONT YARD BRAWL WITH NEIGHBOR

Authorities found Alan Ritchson acted in self-defense in the Tennessee neighborhood brawl. (Sean Gardner/Getty Images)

"After reviewing available evidence, including video footage and witness statements, authorities determined that no criminal charges will be pursued. Mr. Ritchson’s actions were found to be in self-defense," he added. "Although a potential reckless endangerment charge was considered, Mr. Ritchson declined to pursue charges."

The Brentwood Police Department and Williamson County District Attorney's Office closed the case.

Fox News Digital reached out to a representative for Ritchson for additional comment.

Alan Ritchson's neighbor claimed the actor started the chaotic brawl captured on video. (Kierra Thorn/Getty Images)

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

The actor's neighbor, Ronnie Taylor, claimed the violent drama over Ritchson's motorbike began Saturday, TMZ reported.

According to Taylor, Ritchson was riding his green Kawasaki bike through the neighborhood Saturday at an excessive rate of speed. The actor returned Sunday around noon, this time with his two kids on their own motorbikes. Taylor confronted Ritchson, leading to a physical altercation.

Sources close to Ritchson told TMZ the actor did not instigate the fight. While riding motorbikes around the neighborhood, Taylor allegedly ran into the street in a "really aggressive" manner to stop Ritchson.

The insiders claimed Taylor pushed Ritchson off the motorbike twice before the brawl ensued. According to the outlet's sources, Taylor allegedly "initiated and instigated" the entire confrontation.

Sources close to Alan Ritchson claimed he did not instigate the fight. (Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Alan Ritchson stars in "Reacher." (Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images)

Taylor later told the Daily Mail he did not know who the neighbor was and only found out after the altercation. The actor declined to respond when asked if he started the alleged fight.

The 43-year-old model-turned-actor took to social media Monday, dropping a cryptic quote about an "enemy."

"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake," the quote shared by Ritchson on Instagram said.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

==========================


Headline: Pussycat Dolls star triples down on MAGA label after claiming politics cost her a reunion tour
Body: ‘The View’ co-host Whoopi Goldberg defended singer Nicole Scherzinger after she was attacked on social media for liking a red ‘Make Jesus First Again’ hat.

Former Pussycat Dolls member Jessica Sutta is speaking out after being excluded from the girl group's upcoming reunion tour, saying she believes her political views, including her support for Robert F. Kennedy Jr., made her a "liability."

On March 12, the Pussycat Dolls announced their PCD Forever Tour, featuring only three members — Nicole Scherzinger, Kimberly Wyatt and Ashley Roberts — while other original members, including Sutta, Carmit Bachar and Melody Thornton, were left out.

During a March 22 appearance on "The Maverick Approach" podcast, Sutta, 43, claimed that she, Bachar and Thornton were not told about the reunion in advance.

NICOLE SCHERZINGER FLOODS SOCIAL MEDIA WITH BIKINI PHOTOS WHILE TEASING WEDDING PLANS

"None of us were called. None of us were told about anything," Sutta said. "In fact, we were blindsided."

Former Pussycat Dolls member Jessica Sutta is speaking out about why she believes she was cut from the group's upcoming reunion tour.  (Tim Roney/Getty Images; Momodu Mansaray/Getty Images)

Pussycat Dolls members Kimberly Wyatt, Sutta, Nicole Scherzinger, Ashley Roberts, Carmit Bachar and Melody Thornton in 2003. (Tim Roney/Getty Images)

The singer explained that she heard rumors about a potential reunion and claimed she repeatedly tried to contact Pussycat Dolls founder Robin Antin, 64, but could not reach the choreographer until the night that the news leaked.

"She didn't give me all the details, but I just — I started just to cry. I was like, ‘How dare you?' Like you had no respect at all," Sutta said.

Sutta said Scherzinger, 47, called her the following day when the tour was announced, but Sutta was too hurt to answer.

Sutta was a member of the Pussycat Dolls from 2003 to 2010. (Tim Roney/Getty Images)

"I don’t plan to call her back," Sutta said. "I love Nicole. This is very bittersweet for me. I respect her as an artist. I even cried with joy when she won her Tony just recently."

NICOLE SCHERZINGER STUNS IN ZEBRA-PRINT STRING BIKINI FOR 47TH BIRTHDAY BEACH CELEBRATION

In June 2025, Scherzinger won her first Tony Award, taking home the best leading actress trophy for her role as Norma Desmond in "Sunset Boulevard."

"I definitely was rooting for her, but the way they did this just showed me exactly why I'm not in the group," Sutta said. "And they showed exactly, to me, who they are."

Sutta claimed her political views cost her a spot on the reunion tour. (Amanda Edwards/WireImage)

In recent years, the singer has been outspoken about experiencing serious, ongoing health issues that she said began after she received a COVID-19 vaccine in 2021. Sutta, who said she is also dealing with a neurological condition, shared her opinion that she was sidelined from the reunion tour due to her support for RFK Jr.

Sutta publicly backed RFK Jr. during his 2024 presidential run, attending campaign events, posting about him on social media and speaking at rallies, citing shared views on health and vaccines following her own medical struggles.

"It's a cash grab. I mean, come on. Let's keep it real, right?" Sutta said of the reunion tour. "And I was a liability.

"I align with Bobby Kennedy, which is aligning with MAGA," she continued. "Do I love what [President Donald] Trump is doing? Absolutely not. I do not believe in war. [But] we didn't have a chance for the [vaccine]-injured community to get help without him.

"People are screaming at me, 'You're MAGA, you're MAGA.' Yeah, I am. I triple down on it because I'm like, I'm so sick of people telling me who I should be.

Sutta became an outspoken supporter of RFK Jr. due to their shared views on vaccines and health. (Jessica Sutta Instagram)

"So, it's unfortunate," Sutta said. "I was never political, but I had to because my life depends on it."

Sutta described helping RFK Jr. with his presidential campaign as "incredible" and admitted it was "a little bittersweet" when he dropped out and endorsed Trump.

"I wanted to see him as president," she said. "I think he's an amazing human. I think he's too good to be president though. Like he has too big of a heart."

Fox News Digital reached out to representatives for Scherzinger and Antin for comment.

BROOKE ROLLINS, ROBERT KENNEDY JR: NEW DIETARY PLAN RECOMMENDS REAL FOOD FOR ALL AMERICANS

Sutta was a member of the Pussycat Dolls from 2003 to 2010, joining as the group transitioned from a burlesque dance troupe into a recording act and remaining through its peak success.

After her departure, Sutta launched a solo career, releasing two studio albums, including "Feline Resurrection" (2016) and "I Say Yes" (2017) and scoring four No. 1 singles on Billboard's U.S. Dance Club Songs chart.

Sutta previously reunited with the Pussycat Dolls for a planned 2019 reunion before it ultimately fell apart in 2020.

The Pussycat Dolls attempted a reunion in 2019, but it fell apart in 2020. (Neil Mockford/GC Images)

Meanwhile, Scherzinger recently went viral after an awkward moment during an appearance alongside Wyatt and Roberts on "Today" when she was asked about why the other members of the Pussycat Dolls were not included in the reunion tour.

During Friday's episode of the talk show, co-host Craig Melvin asked Scherzinger, "Some former members of the Pussycat Dolls made headlines recently after they found out you were coming back as a trio, not as the original group. How did you arrive at that decision?"

Scherzinger appeared caught off guard and struggled to respond, even pausing mid-sentence.

"Well, I mean, listen, we are just ... we are like ... we are so ... as women today," she replied, appearing visibly uncomfortable.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Wyatt then stepped in to answer the question instead, explaining, "I mean, it has been an ever-changing lineup, and, you know, this is what it looks like now in 2026, and you never know what comes next.

"I think, ultimately, we’ve got to protect our peace, and when something like the Pussycat Dolls has so much history, we have ruptured in the past, and right now we are repairing, and we’re sort of on the same page with that."

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

At that point, Scherzinger appeared to have regained her composure, saying, "What I wanted to say is. … But what I wanted to say was that we have so much love and respect for all of the women that have been part of the PCD legacy. And once a doll, always a doll."

Kimberly Wyatt, Ashley Roberts and Nicole Scherzinger will perform as a trio on the world tour. ( Gary Gershoff/Getty Images)

In addition to Sutta, Bachar has spoken out about being excluded from the 53-date global reunion tour, which will kick off in June and wrap up in October.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

"In light of recent developments, I feel it is important to speak honestly and respectfully," she wrote in part in an Instagram post March 17.

"I was not contacted regarding the group’s decision to move forward, and I learned of these plans at the same time as the public," Bachar continued. "Given my history with the brand, having been part of its foundation long before its commercial debut and instrumental in the connections that led to the record deal, … I would have appreciated direct communication.

"While this is disappointing on a personal level, I remain proud of the role I played in helping shape what The Pussycat Dolls became," she added. "I believe the legacy of any group is built not only by those seen on stage, but also by the collective contributions and shared vision that brought it to life.

"My intention in sharing this is not to create division, but to honor the truth and the fans who have supported us throughout the years. Transparency and respect are values I hold deeply. At this time, I am choosing to focus on my well-being and to move forward with positivity and purpose."

Ashley Hume is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to ashley.hume@fox.com and on Twitter: @ashleyhume

==========================


Headline: Wine, beer or liquor: Study finds one drink is linked to lower risk of death than others
Body: One grape, three vineyards — totally different wines. From slope and sunlight to soil, rainfall and elevation, an Arizona winemaker tells Fox News Digital how terroir transforms identical Syrah into unique expressions.

Not all types of alcohol are created equal — and a new study suggests that wine may carry lower health risks than beer or hard liquor.

In a March 19 news release, the American College of Cardiology outlined findings from the research, which analyzed how alcohol type and intake levels impact the risk of death.

The study, to be presented at the American College of Cardiology's Annual Scientific Session from March 28–30, followed more than 340,000 British adults between 2006 and 2022.

RED WINE OR WHITE WINE? DOCTOR REVEALS THE HEALTHIER CHOICE, AS WELL AS CAUTIONARY DETAILS

Using UK Biobank data, researchers analyzed participant questionnaires. The adults were placed into one of four groups based on their alcohol consumption levels.

The study was observational — meaning the findings show an association but cannot prove cause and effect.

A new study from the American College of Cardiology suggests wine may carry lower health risks than other alcoholic beverages. (iStock)

Alcohol consumption was measured using standard drink equivalents.

For example, 12-ounce cans of beer, 5-ounce glasses of wine and 1.5-ounce shots of spirits all contain the same amount of pure alcohol, which is around 14 grams.

Analyzing cardiovascular disease deaths, researchers discovered that moderate wine drinkers had a 21% lower risk of dying from the disease than people who never drank or occasionally drank — though, once again, the study was observational in nature only. Experts have urged caution in interpreting such findings.

"By contrast, even low intake of spirits, beer or cider was associated with a 9% higher risk of dying from cardiovascular disease compared with drinking never or occasionally," the American College of Cardiology's news release said.

The study said that liquor may have a different risk profile than wine.  (iStock)

High alcohol consumption also increased overall health risks.

People with high alcohol intake were 24% more likely to die from any cause.

"Alcohol and health is not an all-or-nothing issue."

They were also 36% more likely to die from cancer and 14% more likely to die from cardiovascular disease.

But the study also found that beer, cider and liquor may be linked to higher health risks than wine, even in small amounts.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

"Differences in risk by alcohol type emerged at low and moderate levels of consumption, where drinking spirits, beer or cider was associated with a significantly higher risk of death while the same level of wine consumption was associated with a significantly lower risk of death," the release stated.

Even low intake of beer, cider or spirits was linked to a higher risk of cardiovascular death, according to the study. (iStock)

The findings help clarify "mixed evidence" about the impacts of alcohol consumption, said Zhangling Chen, a professor at the Central South University in China and the lead author of the study.

"These findings can help refine guidance, emphasizing that the health risks of alcohol depend not only on the amount of alcohol consumed, but also on the type of beverage," Chen said in the release.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE LIFESTYLE STORIES

"Even low to moderate intake of spirits, beer or cider is linked to higher mortality, while low to moderate intake of wine may carry lower risk."

The study's findings are informative but not conclusive, said Julian Braithwaite, president and CEO of the London-based International Alliance for Responsible Drinking, which was not involved in the study.

Participants who reported drinking liquor showed higher rates of cardiovascular death compared to occasional drinkers. (iStock)

The International Alliance for Responsible Drinking is "supported by the leading global beer, wine and spirits producers," per its website.

"Given these data have not been published in a peer-reviewed journal, it is difficult to fully interpret the findings," Braithwaite told Fox News Digital.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"However, they are a helpful reminder that alcohol and health is not an all-or-nothing issue, risk depends on how much people drink and the wider lifestyle context in which drinking happens."

Braithwaite added, "It also reinforces why oversimplified claims are unhelpful and why adults should speak with a health-care professional and make informed choices based on their individual circumstances."

"It is difficult to fully interpret the findings."

As Fox News Digital has previously reported, medical experts are increasingly cautioning about the dangers of any amount of alcohol.

Dr. Brett Osborn, a Florida-based neurosurgeon who also runs a longevity practice, has stated that alcohol is a toxin. "We've known this for eons — this is nothing new," he told Fox News Digital last year.

TEST YOURSELF WITH OUR LATEST LIFESTYLE QUIZ

"I know the age-old adage that you can have a drink or two a day, and it's good for your heart — no, it’s not," Osborn said.

"It's not good for your heart. It's not good for your brain. It's not good for your waistline."

Melissa Rudy of Fox News Digital contributed reporting.

Andrea Margolis is a lifestyle writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. Readers can follow her on X at @andreamargs or send story tips to andrea.margolis@fox.com.

==========================


Headline: 'Hunting Wives' star Brittany Snow stuns in bikini during 40th birthday desert celebration
Body: Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

Brittany Snow is celebrating the big 4-0 with a private desert birthday bash alongside her closest friends.

The "Hunting Wives" actress reached the milestone age this week with an intimate getaway to a luxury desert rental. She treated her followers to a series of snapshots from the private celebration, which she dubbed a "magical" escape alongside her inner circle.

Striking a pose against the outdoor patio, the movie star showcased her athletic figure in a textured, ribbed white bikini. The look was accessorized with a pair of oversized, mod-style white sunglasses with dark lenses. Holding her small, fluffy dog close, the birthday girl appeared relaxed and radiant while clutching a festive disco ball cup.

The festivities continued with a wardrobe shift that matched the desert's color palette. The "Pitch Perfect" alum modeled a pink ribbed-knit maxi dress with a sleeveless cut and kept her white-framed sunglasses on for the photo. Accessorizing with large gold earrings and a stack of bracelets, she posed against a pink wall that matched her outfit.

Brittany Snow enjoys a poolside moment with her dog during a private desert birthday getaway. (Brittany Snow/Instagram)

LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

Later that evening, the actress traded her daytime look for a vibrant turquoise silk gown to celebrate with her friends. She wore the floor-length dress while posing in a doorway, keeping her blonde hair in polished waves to complete the ensemble.

Brittany Snow poses in a pink knit maxi dress against the backdrop of her desert rental. (Brittany Snow/Instagram)

A final photograph from the collection showed a cozy interior living room, where the 40-year-old sat on a luxurious, plush green velvet sofa. The space was perfectly decorated for the milestone, featuring multiple gold, green and white balloons. A large, floral-patterned heart-shaped balloon prominently declared "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" at the center of the frame.

MEGAN MORONEY STUNS IN ORANGE BIKINI DURING FRIEND'S BAHAMAS BACHELORETTE

She appeared reflective, resting her hand to her chin in a thoughtful pose as her fluffy dog sat calmly at her side. The backdrop of the unique property was on full display, featuring an impressive gallery wall of diverse art and a stunning wooden spiral staircase under a pink-arched entry.

Snow showcases a vibrant turquoise silk gown as she celebrates her 40th birthday with friends. (Brittany Snow/Instagram)

"The most magical birthday in the desert ✨So grateful to celebrate with my favorite people in a space that was truly perfect," the star captioned her collection of photos, which also included a sweet shout-out to the rental service: "Thank you to @airbnb."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Beyond the birthday celebrations, the "Hunting Wives" star has been vocal about the journey that led to her current sense of calm. During an appearance on "The Drew Barrymore Show" in November, she got candid about the "chaos" of starting her career at just 3 years old.

The birthday girl reflects on her milestone year while surrounded by festive balloons and her loyal companion. (Brittany Snow/Instagram )

"I think I was always a performative kid," she told Barrymore. "I always had goals to be like the director, the actor, the writer, and then my friends would come over, and they would be like the trees."

Despite her early success, the actress admitted that being a child star came with an intense internal pressure to be "perfect" as a way to manage the atmosphere at home.

REESE WITHERSPOON TURNS 50, SAYS HER DAILY RULE IS SIMPLE: ‘GOTTA LAUGH EVERYDAY YOU CAN’

"I knew that problems somehow went away if I did really well, got the jobs, looked really pretty, did the thing," she shared. "And, so, I think that, that it trained me to think that that was what made me lovable. And, so, I think that that's how I had to like unlearn that I'm still lovable if I'm not perfect or doing all the right things."

Brittany Snow shared her birthday celebration on Instagram. (Francis Specker/CBS via Getty Images)

PAULINA PORIZKOVA, 60, DITCHES ‘SMOKE AND MIRRORS’ IN CANDID LINGERIE VIDEO

Touching on the "self-sabotage" she experienced in the public eye, she noted that she often took her struggles out on herself "behind closed doors." Now, entering a new decade, she is finally finding a sense of peace that only comes with life experience.

"It’s OK to finally love myself," she told Barrymore. "I'm not going to lose anything. I'm not going to be like harder on myself. Doesn't get me any better."

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Danielle Minnetian is an entertainment production assistant for Fox News Digital.

==========================


Headline: 40% off or more: Amazon Big Spring Sale deals on Apple, Ninja and DeWalt
Body: Shop early spring deals on chargers, kitchen essentials and tools. (Fox News Composite)

Amazon's Big Spring Sale is now live and runs through March 31. Save 40% or more, with discounts of up to 78% off on top brands like Apple, Ninja, KitchenAid and DeWalt. Shop these standout deals before they sell out.

READ MORE: Amazon's Big Spring Sale just kicked off with deals up to 78% off — here's what to buy

Energizer coin batteries: $6.95 (63% off)Solar landscape lights: $31.99 (51% off)Shower steamer set: $7.99 (50% off)50-foot garden hose with nozzle: $29.95 (50% off)Blink video doorbell: $35.99 (49% off)Narwal Freo X10 Pro robot vacuum: $399.99 (43% off)Shark Navigator upright vacuum: $179.99 (40% off)

Save up to 50% on top tech, from Apple Watches to Fire TV devices.Apple Watch Series 9: $299 (57% off)Sony wireless headphones: $98 (46% off)Ring Outdoor Cam Plus: $59.99 (40% off)HP business laptop with Microsoft Office 365: $299.99 (40% off)

Original price: $43.53

Snap this onto your iPhone for quick charging on the go. (Amazon)

Grab this MagSafe portable charger while it's 47% off. It clicks onto your iPhone for fast wireless charging, powers up to three devices at once and includes a kickstand for hands-free use while it charges.

Original price: $49.99

Upgrade your streaming capabilities with a new Fire TV stick. (Amazon)

This Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K is 50% off and boosts streaming speeds while making app downloads faster. You can search for movies by actor, plot or even a memorable quote in seconds.

READ MORE: Amazon Big Spring Sale tech deals: Up to 50% off AirPods, TVs and more

Original price: $349.99

Do more than just watch movies with this smart TV. (Amazon)

For under $200, this Insignia 55-inch Fire TV is an easy upgrade with sharp picture quality and built-in Fire TV. Stream your favorite apps, check live camera feeds and control smart home devices — all from your TV.

Original price: $749

This Apple Watch comes with smart features. (Amazon)

The Apple Watch Series 10 is $300 off and packs a larger display, faster charging and sleep apnea tracking into a thinner design. The cellular model lets you stream music, take calls and send texts without your iPhone nearby. The

Thinking about upgrading your kitchen? Save up to 50% on coffee makers, blenders and more.

Chefman air fryer: $59.91 (50% off)Sink caddy: $12.99 (48% off)Nespresso Vertuo Next: $125 (46% off)Handheld milk frother: $7.99 (43% off)Titanium cutting boards, set of 3: $59.99 (40% off)

Original price: $20.99

These colorful oven mitts add style and handle heat with ease. (Amazon)

These gingham oven mitts bring a pop of spring to your kitchen while handling heat with ease. They offer a secure grip on hot dishes and clean up easily in the wash.

Original price: $109.99

Brew coffee fast — and just the way you like it. (Amazon)

If your coffee maker needs an upgrade, this Keurig is a reliable pick. Choose your brew strength, enjoy a large water reservoir that cuts down on refills and add a pop of color to your countertop.

READ MORE: This week's biggest sales: Up to 55% off DeWalt, Carhartt, Apple and more

Original price: $219.99

Use this versatile system as a blender or food processor. (Amazon)

Refresh your countertop with Ninja’s Kitchen System, complete with a large blender, a food processor attachment and two single-serve smoothie cups. It powers through nuts, frozen fruit and ice.

Original price: $33.99

Whip up a breakfast delight with this griddle. (Amazon)

This large electric griddle handles eggs, bacon and pancakes with ease and includes a grease trap to help reduce mess. A warming tray keeps everything warm until you’re ready to serve.

Tackle spring projects for less with discounts on DeWalt tools and more.

Craftsman V20 lithium ion battery: $49 (59% off)Electric screwdriver kit: $29.99 (50% off)Cordless angle grinder 20V: $39.99 (50% off)Cordless paint sprayer: $37.56 (46% off)DeWalt 20 jig saw: $129.03 (46% off)

Original price: $259

Take care of your home’s DIY needs. (Amazon)

At 46% off, this DeWalt power tool set is a standout deal for any homeowner. The drill handles smaller screws and holes, while the impact driver tackles bolts and longer screws. Both offer pro-level power, LED lighting and a secure grip.

Original price: $18.99

These garden shears make quick work of trimming jobs around the yard. (Amazon)

These sharp garden shears handle all of your trimming needs, from flowers and herbs to branches. They feature a safety lock and a comfortable grip for easy, controlled cuts.

READ MORE: Amazon's Big Spring Sale: Top deals under $50 from Sony, Cuisinart and more

Original price: $49.99

Use this mini chainsaw for yard work. (Amazon)

Use this cordless mini chainsaw, now 40% off, to power through 6-inch branches while taking up minimal space in your garage. It comes with a battery, gloves and safety goggles.

From breathable bedding to cordless vacuums, Amazon’s home deals start at just $10.

Large room air purifier: $99.99 (69% off)Blackout curtains: $9.98 (65% off)Blink Mini smart security camera: $14.99 (50% off)8-by-10-foot area rug: $89.99 (42% off)Zinus 8-inch memory foam mattress: $118 (41% off)

Original price: $1,499.99

Image text: The low-profile design lets this vacuum get into tight spots.  (Amazon)

Save $600 and let this robot vacuum handle the cleaning for you. It vacuums and mops, recharges on its own and slides into tight spaces, with enough power to pick up pet hair and dust.

Original price: $349.99

Upgrade to this powerful cordless vacuum. (Amazon)

Spring cleaning gets easier with this cordless vacuum. It runs for up to 50 minutes and quickly converts into a handheld for tight spaces and car interiors, while capturing dust, allergens and dirt.

READ MORE: Amazon's Big Spring Sale: Up to 50% off Shark, Dyson and top cleaning essentials

Original price: $19.89

A new bath mat can make a noticeable difference. (Amazon)

Refresh your bathroom with a simple rug swap. This plush, absorbent bath mat dries quickly and features a rubber backing to help keep it in place.

Original price: $59.99

Soft and oversized, this set is comfortable without feeling too heavy. (Amazon)

This oversized comforter set keeps you warm without overheating. Its lightweight feel works well for warmer weather, and the beige set is $27 off.

Shop spring wardrobe updates like cooling pajamas and shorts, now up to 78% off.

Hawaiian short sleeve button down: $12.99 (57% off)Men’s gym shorts, 5-pack: $19.99 (44% off)Cooling pajama set, 2-pack: $25.99 (43% off)Slides for women: $23.72 (41% off)Men's linen pants: $23.98 (40% off)

Original price: $39.99

Get soft, seamless support with no pinching or digging. (Amazon)

This seamless bra offers soft, stretchy support without wires. Wide straps and removable padding create a comfortable fit that won’t dig in. The beige color is $31 off.

Original price: $47.99

A belted waist and side pockets add a more polished look. (Amazon)

This short-sleeved T-shirt dress feels comfortable but looks polished. The lightweight rayon blend and the knee-length silhouette work for errands or casual dinners.

Original price: $87

Get the lace-up look without the hassle of bending. (Amazon)

These Skechers offer the look of a lace-up with a hands-free design. They’re lightweight, machine washable and easy to slip on. The brown pair is marked down $37.

Original price: $24.98

Wear soft, breathable polo to work or on weekends. (Amazon)

This lightweight men’s polo features a classic design that works just as well at the office as it does on the weekend. The breathable polyester blend keeps you comfortable for everything from golf to casual wear.

From high-powered toothbrushes to popular skincare, beauty deals are live and start at less than $15.

Microfiber hair towel wrap: $8.48 (50% off)Vitamin C face serum: $14.99 (50% off)Conair three-barrel curling iron: $18.39 (50% off)Neutrogena sunscreen spray: $22.47 (44% off)

Original price: $49.98

Stay on top of your health with this blood pressure monitor. (Amazon)

For less than $30, this blood pressure monitor makes it easy to stay on top of your health. It’s simple to use and read, tracks daily measurements and pairs with an app to store unlimited readings. It can also alert you to irregular heart rhythms with a warning symbol after each measurement.

Original price: $25.70

This NFL edition razor brings a bit of team pride to an everyday routine. (Amazon)

If you want to add a little team spirit to your routine, this NFL edition razor does the trick. It includes a logo handle and four blade refills, and the Dallas Cowboys version is 45% off.

Original price: $399.99

This Philips Sonicare set gets you two electric toothbrushes for the price of one. (Amazon)

Now $200 off, this Philips Sonicare DiamondClean toothbrush two-pack is a solid upgrade. It delivers a deep clean, helps protect your gums with a pressure sensor and tracks when it’s time to replace the brush head.

For more deals, visit www.foxnews.com/deals

Original price: $31

These viral toner pads are on major sale.  (Amazon)

Grab these Fox Reader-favorite toner pads while they're over half off. Each wipe is soaked in a blend of acids, including salicylic and lactic acid, which can gently exfoliate dead skin and reveal smoother skin underneath.

If you’re an Amazon Prime member, you can get these items sent to your door ASAP. You can join or start a 30-day free trial to start your shopping today.

Nora Colomer is a writer reporting on beauty, style, home, kitchen, tech and fitness for Fox News.

==========================


Headline: Florida AG warns NFL: Drop affirmative action ‘Rooney Rule’ or face legal consequences
Body: Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy discusses the big game between the Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots on ‘The Sunday Briefing.’

FIRST ON FOX: Florida’s chief law enforcement officer announced Wednesday he will warn NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the NFL’s longstanding "Rooney Rule" mandating interviews for minority and ethnically diverse candidates is illegal in the Sunshine State.

The rule, named for late Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney, who chaired the NFL’s Diversity Committee, went into effect in 2003 after Black coaches Tony Dungy and Dennis Green were fired the previous season despite strong win-loss records.

Attorney General James Uthmeier’s state hosts three teams — the Jacksonville Jaguars, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Miami Dolphins — and the AG invoked the latter.

INVESTIGATION OF NIKE'S DEI PRACTICES COULD HAVE MAJOR NATIONWIDE IMPACT ON HIRING, SAYS ALAN DERSHOWITZ

NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell before a game between the Denver Broncos and the Indianapolis Colts at Empower Field At Mile High Dec. 15, 2024, in Denver, Colo. (Michael Owens/Getty Images)

"As a Floridian, I wish the Miami Dolphins well with their new head football coach. As Florida’s chief legal officer, however, I write with a word of caution to the NFL on its race-and-sex-based hiring policies," he wrote in a letter to Goodell obtained by Fox News Digital.

Goodell must, in turn, confirm no later than May 1 that the NFL will no longer enforce the Rooney Rule or any variation of it or face civil rights enforcement actions.

"As applied in Florida, the NFL’s ‘Rooney Rule,’ which governs the hiring of certain team executives and coaches, brazenly violates Florida law. So, too, do the NFL’s related 'diversity' initiatives," the letter adds.

Uthmeier told Fox News Digital the NFL drafts players based on merit and should do the same in the front office.

"NFL teams are not going to hire an offensive lineman based on his race. So, why should hiring for positions off the field be based on illegal DEI quotas?" he said.

"DEI is discriminatory and illegal. The NFL doesn’t get special treatment, and any business operating in Florida is required to comply with Florida law. Good coaches are judged on wins, not the color of their skin."

WATCHDOG GROUP EXPOSES IDAHO COLLEGES' ALLEGED SCHEME TO SIDESTEP NEW DEI LAW

Pittsburgh Steelers owners Art Rooney II and Dan Rooney stand with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell in Arlington, Texas, in 2011. (Doug Pensinger/Getty Images)

Uthmeier noted in his letter that expansions of the Rooney Rule now include women as a categorized qualifying minority and criticized provisions awarding third-round draft picks to teams that develop minority talent into GMs or head coaches as well as requiring the employment of a female or minority coach as an offensive assistant.

Uthmeier argued that Florida law bars employers from making hiring or workplace decisions based on protected characteristics such as race or sex, including any practices that could limit opportunities for certain groups.

"The Rooney Rule and its offshoots require precisely what Florida law forbids. They require teams to limit, segregate, and classify applicants for certain employment and training opportunities because of race and sex. And they do so in a way that tends to deprive applicants of opportunities for employment," he wrote.

Trevor Lawrence (16) of the Jacksonville Jaguars scores a touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs during the fourth quarter at EverBank Stadium Oct. 6, 2025, in Jacksonville, Fla. (Megan Briggs/Getty Images)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Uthmeier told Goodell, "The Rooney Rule and its offshoots are illegal in Florida."

Fox News Digital reached out to the NFL for comment.

Charles Creitz is a reporter for Fox News Digital.

He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant.

Charles covers media, politics and culture for Fox News Digital.

Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com.

==========================


Headline: US Army raises enlistment age to 42 and eases marijuana policies to bolster ranks
Body: The family of Sgt. Declan Coady, 20, of West Des Moines, lowa, shared memories following his death Sunday in the war with Iran. (The Associated Press)

The U.S. Army is raising its maximum recruitment age from 35 to 42, while also relaxing rules for recruits with certain drug convictions.

The changes will go into effect on April 20, according to Army Regulation 601–210, which was published March 20.

The minimum age to join the Army is 18, but recruits can enlist at 17 with parental consent.

74 RETIRED US GENERALS, ADMIRALS BACK IRAN STRIKES, WARN TEHRAN SEEKS TO ‘SPILL AMERICAN BLOOD’

The two fallen soldiers were identified as Staff Sgt. Saul Fabian Gonzalez, 26, of Pullman, Michigan, and Sgt. 1st Class Emmett Wilfred Goodridge Jr., 40, of Roseville, Minnesota. (Photo by Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images)

In addition to the age requirement, the Army removed restrictions for recruits who have a single conviction for possession of marijuana or drug paraphernalia.

Previously, such a conviction would have required a waiver from the Pentagon and the passing of a drug test.

Currently, the Navy and Air Force permit recruits over the age of 40, but the Marine Corps' maximum age for enlistment is 28.

REP BRIAN MAST: CONGRESS HAS THE PERFECT WAY TO HONOR OUR NATION’S FALLEN HEROES

The U.S. Army has raised its maximum enlistment age from 35 to 42, the military branch said.  ( Sarah Crabill/Getty Images)

In fiscal year 2025, the Army saw a recruiting bump following several years of decline. That year, the military branch recruited more than 62,000 people, surpassing its goal of 61,000, according to the Pentagon.

In 2022, the Army missed its recruitment goal by 25%.

A 2022 RAND report recommended the Army increase the maximum age for enlistment, saying that older recruits represent a potential growth area.

The report noted that the quality of older recruits was generally "high" and that age didn't appear to "pose a significant barrier to accession."

Army Sgt. Drew Scheffer, assigned to Joint Task Force Southern Border, provides surveillance over the southern border near Santa Teresa, N.M. on April 12. The military has been patrolling the southern border as part of the Trump administration crackdown on illegal migration.  (Department of Defense)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

"We’re kind of looking at a more mature audience that might have experience in technical fields," said Angela Chipman, chief of military personnel accessions at the US army, according to Task & Purpose. "We need warrant officers with extreme technical capabilities, and those will come from the enlisted ranks."

However, older recruits were less likely to complete basic training and had higher attrition rates, the report states.

The policy changes come as the U.S. wages war with Iran with the deployment of 2,000 soldiers from the US Army’s elite 82nd Airborne Division and Marines to the Middle East.

Louis Casiano is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to louis.casiano@fox.com.

==========================


Headline: DOJ settles with Michael Flynn over Russia probe after wrongful prosecution claim: 'Historic injustice'
Body: ‘Fox News Sunday’ anchor Shannon Bream discusses the DOJ subpoena of former FBI Director James Comey tied to the 2017 Russia assessment and more on ‘America’s Newsroom.’

The Department of Justice (DOJ) reached a settlement Wednesday with Michael Flynn, the former national security advisor to President Donald Trump, over a legal battle tied to his contacts with a Russian diplomat during the Mueller probe.

Official court papers seen by Fox News Digital do not disclose the financial terms of the settlement, but the government is said to be paying Flynn approximately $1.2 million to resolve the matter, The Associated Press reported.

The agreement concludes a lengthy legal saga stemming from the Russia investigation.

Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, pleaded guilty on Dec. 1, 2017, to giving false statements to the FBI about his communications with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.

JAMES COMEY SEEKS TO DISMISS HIS CRIMINAL CASE, CITING 'VINDICTIVE' PROSECUTION

The Justice Department reached a settlement Wednesday with Michael Flynn, the former national security advisor to President Donald Trump.  (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)

Those discussions included Russia’s response to U.S. sanctions and a United Nations Security Council resolution regarding Israel.

The charge stemmed from Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian election interference and possible links between Trump campaign officials and Russian figures.

Mueller, a former FBI director who led the bureau from 2001 to 2013, later served as special counsel investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election, a probe that shadowed much of Trump’s presidency.

He brought charges against multiple Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Flynn.

JUDGE ORDERS DOJ TO GIVE COMEY GRAND JURY RECORDS, CITING PROSECUTOR'S MISCONDUCT

President Donald Trump gestures as he boards Air Force One before departing Palm Beach International Airport, March 1, in West Palm Beach, Fla. (Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images)

His final report detailed extensive contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia, but did not establish a criminal conspiracy. Flynn later sought to withdraw his guilty plea and accused federal prosecutors of acting in bad faith.

By 2019, he claimed innocence, citing alleged FBI misconduct.

Although Flynn was pardoned by Trump in late 2020, he filed a lawsuit in 2023 seeking at least $50 million in damages, alleging wrongful and malicious prosecution.

He argued the case, brought by what he described as a "virulently anti-Trump leadership" within the FBI, cost him tens of millions of dollars in business opportunities and future earning potential.

FORMER FBI DIRECTOR ROBERT MUELLER DIES AT 81; TRUMP REACTS

Robert Mueller, then FBI director, speaks during a news conference in 2008. (Alex Wong/Getty Images, File)

Under the previous administration, the DOJ moved to dismiss Flynn’s complaint. Now, under Attorney General Pam Bondi, a critic of the Russia probe, the department changed course.

In a statement, the DOJ called the settlement an "important step in redressing" what it described as a "historic injustice," The Associated Press reported.

A spokesperson said the department will pursue accountability to ensure such "weaponization of the federal government" does not recur.

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

According to a notice of settlement filed in the Middle District of Florida, the case will be dismissed with prejudice once Flynn confirms receipt of the funds, preventing the claims from being refiled.

The filing states each party will bear its own legal costs and that the court will not retain jurisdiction over the agreement.

Fox News Digital has reached out to the DOJ for comment.

Emma Bussey is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital. Before joining Fox, she worked at The Telegraph with the U.S. overnight team, across desks including foreign, politics, news, sport and culture.

==========================


Headline: Jimmy Kimmel's dig at 'plumber' DHS Secretary Markwayne Mullin ripped as 'elite' by online critics
Body: Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel mocked Department of Homeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullins' background as a plumber during his monologue Tuesday night.

ABC late-night host Jimmy Kimmel was called out for mocking newly confirmed Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Markwayne Mullin as an "unqualified" plumber during his monologue Tuesday night.

"Trump's got a whole new generation of thinkers lined up, including his newly confirmed secretary of Homeland Security, Markwayne ‘Chuck Mike Bruce Dave’ Melon — Mullin. Maybe melon's better," Kimmel said. "He's the now former senator of Oklahoma. Before he was elected to the Senate, Markwayne Mullin was a low-level MMA fighter and a plumber. That's right. We have a plumber protecting us from terrorism now. It worked for Super Mario. Why not Markwayne?"

He continued, "But honestly — I mean, if Trump is going to keep picking these unqualified people to run the department, why not have more fun with it? I mean, next time instead of Markwayne, how about Lil Wayne for Homeland Security? At least we can get a concert out of it, right?"

JIMMY KIMMEL'S TRUMP, MELANIA DIGS AT OSCARS 'FELL FLAT' WITH CRITICS

Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel mocked Markwayne Mullins during his monologue Tuesday night. (Randy Holmes/Disney via Getty Images)

Kimmel's comments were viewed as elitist by many commentators on X, who accused the comedian of mocking working-class professions.

"The disdain for which the Democrats and Hollywood elites have for working class Americans - and folks who step up to do important jobs for their country - is shameful. These people need help," Sen. Cynthia Lummis, R-Wyo., wrote.

Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, joked, "I prefer plumbers to woke & unfunny comedians."

"I would much rather be protected by plumbers than lawyers," RealClearInvestigations senior writer Mark Hemingway agreed.

JIMMY KIMMEL JOKES TRUMP SHOULD LET HIM HOST WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENTS’ DINNER: 'THINK OF THE RATINGS'

"Not a great look," Substack journalist Chris Cillizza wrote.

Townhall.com writer Amy Curtis remarked, "This is your reminder that Jimmy Kimmel does not have a degree, save an honorary Doctorate from UNLV."

Secretary Markwayne Mullin takes the oath of office for the Department of Homeland Security at the White House. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)

"The elites too often look down their noses at blue collar, middle America. They try to demean a man by calling him a plumber. As if plumbing is something to be ashamed of or is somehow a lesser profession than a court jester turning tricks on late night commentary (comedy is dead). But even just calling a U.S Senator and cabinet secretary a plumber doesn't do justice to a man, who built a successful business in a highly competitive environment that provides jobs for several plumbers actually and others that then feed many families," Rep. Mike Collins, R-Ga., wrote.

SEN RAND PAUL SAYS TRUMP’S DHS PICK MARKWAYNE MULLIN IS 'UNFIT' FOR THE JOB AFTER HEATED HEARING EXCHANGE

He added, "Plumbers, truckers, builders, tradesmen, etc built this country and continue to be vital part of our economy's backbone. It's not just jobs. It's a spirt of actually using the sweat of your brown, determination and yes, intellect, to add in a productive way to America—a land of pioneers. Western civilization can't survive without the men and women who provide blue collar services. Late night political commentary masquerading as comedy would never be missed."

In a comment to Fox News Digital, a DHS spokesperson said, "DHS is too busy arresting gang members, terrorists, pedophiles, rapists, murderers, and other criminal illegal aliens to engage in this kind of silliness."

Mullin was sworn in as the nation's ninth DHS secretary on Tuesday, replacing outgoing secretary Kristi Noem. He was confirmed on Monday on a 54-45 Senate vote with Sens. John Fetterman, D-Pa., and Martin Heinrich, D-N.M., joining nearly every Republican to clinch his nomination. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., voted against him.

Jimmy Kimmel's comments on Markwayne Mullin received backlash on X. (Randy Holmes/Disney via Getty Images; Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)

CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FOX NEWS APP

Noem was removed from her position earlier this month.

Lindsay Kornick is an associate editor for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to lindsay.kornick@fox.com and on Twitter: @lmkornick.

==========================


Headline: Amazon's Big Spring Sale travel deals: Up to 75% off luggage, comfy shoes and packing cubes
Body: Travel smarter with these limited-time Amazon deals. (Fox News Composite)

Amazon's Big Spring Sale is finally live and runs through March 31. If you're on the hunt for deals on travel essentials, top sellers are down to just $3 during this event. From Samsonite carry-ons and anti-theft cross-body bags to under-$30 JBL earbuds and comfy shoes for breezing through security, these limited-time deals help streamline your next trip.

READ MORE: Amazon's Big Spring Sale is live with deals up to 78% off — here's what's worth buying

Samsonite Proxis hardside luggage: $188.23 (62% off)Samsonite Omni hardside carry-on: $87.39 (54% off)Mesh pouches, 4-pack: $10.99 (44% off)MagSafe phone tripod stand: $13.96 (44% off)Packing cubes: $16.99 (32% off)Universal plug adapter: $15.99 (30% off)Kate Spade magnetic phone wallet: $34.99 (30% off)European converter: $29.96 (23% off)Electronics organizer: $12.99 (19% off)

Save up to 63% on Samsonite and SwissGear luggage during Amazon’s Big Spring Sale.

Original price: $509.99

This set is designed with expandable zippers and plenty of exterior pockets.  (Amazon)

At 63% off, this Samsonite softside luggage set is a great value that covers all your packing needs. It includes a carry-on, medium and large bag, all with expandable zippers and plenty of exterior pockets. Spinner wheels and sturdy telescoping handles make it easy to maneuver, and the Caribbean blue color is on sale.

Original price: $479.98

Get two hardsided bags with TSA-approved locks in this set. (Amazon)

Save $274 on this Samsonite luggage set built for short and long trips. The bright sky blue color stands out at baggage claim, while spinner wheels and a telescoping handle make travel feel effortless. It includes a TSA-approved lock, a carry-on and a checked bag with a roomy interior that expands for extra packing room.

Original price: $165

This bag can handle all your packing needs.  (Amazon)

For longer trips, this SwissGear hardside suitcase offers the space you need. It has a roomy, expandable interior, smooth spinner wheels and an extendable handle, plus a built-in TSA lock. The salmon color is 45% off during the Big Spring Sale.

Original price: $140

This medium softside bag works well for three- to five-day trips. (Amazon)

This medium softside bag offers a flexible, durable option for shorter trips. It fits three to five days of essentials and includes an expandable zipper, spinner wheels, a telescoping handle and easy-access front pockets. The evergreen color is 36% off.

Original price: $219.99

Durable enough for tough-handling. (Amazon)

Tough enough to survive baggage claim but still lightweight and easy to maneuver, this sleek Samsonite hardshell carry-on is built for real travel. It meets most airline size regulations and features quiet-rolling dual-spinner wheels and smart interior pockets for organized packing.

Original price: $33.61

Keep essentials organized on the go. (Amazon)

If you’re traveling with a laptop, do yourself a favor and grab this High Sierra backpack while it’s marked down 50%. It features a padded laptop sleeve, tablet pocket and multiple zip compartments for travel documents and tech.

Original price: $88

Added security for stress-free travel. (Amazon)

Pickpockets are the last thing you want to worry about on vacation, and this messenger bag helps. Locking zippers, slash-resistant panels and RFID-blocking compartments help protect valuables while you explore. This mini version is on sale for 71% off.

Find deals on travel essentials from neck pillows to packing cubes,starting at $3.

Original price: $11

Spot your bags fast. (Amazon)

Keep your suitcase from getting lost in the sea of black bags with these bright colorful luggage tags. They make your bag easy to spot on the carousel, and the covered ID window keeps your information discreet while still accessible when needed.

Original price: $33

Protect your passport and keep everything in one place. (Amazon)

Protect your information with this RFID-blocking zip wallet that keeps your passport, phone and cards all in one place. A clear ID window makes quick check-ins easy, while zippered and card compartments keep the rest secure.

Original price: $28

These neck pillows add support during long flights. (Amazon)

This neck pillow adds plush support and helps prevent your head from tilting mid-flight. The interlocking ends keep it securely in place, so you can actually catch some sleep.

Original price: $29.40

Stay organized on the go. (Amazon)

Pack smarter with this packing cube system, which comes in multiple sizes to separate outfits, shoes and toiletries. The mesh panels let you see exactly what’s inside without unpacking everything.

Original price: $36

Be ready for rain with this compact umbrella. (Amazon)

Toss this compact Totes umbrella in your carry-on in case of unexpected showers. It takes up minimal space, but it’s sturdy enough to hold up during downpours. Just press a button to open it.

Original price: $22

Store your toiletries where you can see them. (Amazon)

Skip the cluttered hotel sink. This compact toiletry bag fits easily in a backpack and unfolds to hang open on a hook so you can see all your travel-sized essentials at once.

Save up to 62% on earbuds and power banks that make long travel days more bearable.

Original price: $54.95

Cord-free listening for travel days. (Amazon)

The JBL Vibe Beam earbuds deliver solid sound and help reduce background noise with a snug fit. You’ll get up to 32 hours of battery life, plus a quick 10-minute charge provides another two hours of listening time.

READ MORE: Amazon Big Spring Sale tech deals: Up to 50% off AirPods, TVs and more

Original price: $55.99

Ditch the airline headphones. (Amazon)

Still relying on airline-issued headphones? This wireless audio adapter lets you connect your preferred earbuds to the plane’s seat screen with no cords required. It’s a small, under-$25 upgrade that makes a big difference on long flights.

Original price: $10.50

Weigh your suitcase before you leave home. (Amazon)

Avoid surprise baggage fees by weighing your suitcase before you leave for the airport. This compact luggage scale checks your bag’s weight in seconds and includes a built-in tape measure to confirm size limits.

Original price: $32.99

Charge three devices at once. (Amazon)

This power bank is small enough for a keychain, but is powerful enough for long travel days. It can top off your iPhone or AirPods in about 30 minutes, and it can charge up to three devices at once.

Shop lounge sets and shoes made to breeze through airport security, starting at $19.

Original price: $36.99

Look good, feel good. (Amazon)

Travel mornings can be chaotic. Worry about one less thing and slip on this soft two-piece set featuring wide-leg pants and a flowy, asymmetrical top. Wear it on the plane and throughout your trip.

Original price: $29.98

This one-piece is effortless. (Amazon)

The cotton-blend jumpsuit has a bit of stretch for a soft, comfortable feel with side pockets to keep your phone close. Adjustable spaghetti straps help ensure a secure fit.

Original price: $44.99

Go for a polished look in this stylish but comfy set. (Amazon)

This knit lounge set is comfortable without sacrificing polish. The cap-sleeve top and wide-leg pants have a relaxed fit, and the lightweight stretch fabric makes it a great option for travel or casual outings.

Original price: $130

These stylish shoes are made for long hours on your feet. (Amazon)

These Vionic slip-on platform shoes feature a cushioned insole designed for all-day comfort, even when you spend hours on your feet. The beige shade sneakily offers orthotic support without looking like it.

Original price: $19.99

Compression socks can help reduce swelling and discomfort. (Amazon)

Long hours sitting can cause aches and swelling, especially in the legs and feet. These knee-high compression socks can help reduce discomfort, making long travel days more pleasant.

For more deals, visit www.foxnews.com/deals

Original price: $110

These platform sneakers slip on easily. (Amazon)

These platform sneakers combine a classic lace-up look with a slip-on design. Made from recyclable materials, they’re lightweight and feature cushioned insoles for long days on your feet.

If you’re an Amazon Prime member, you can get these items sent to your door ASAP. You can join or start a 30-day free trial to start your shopping today.

Nora Colomer is a writer reporting on beauty, style, home, kitchen, tech and fitness for Fox News.

==========================


